LLM,structured,dataset,video,prompt_type,prompt,summary,issue_1,issue_1b,issue_2,issue_3r,issue_3f,issue_4,issue_5,issue_6,issue_7,issue_7b,issue_7c,issue_7d
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions involving a person sitting on a chair and a dog. The person is seen sitting on the chair multiple times, while the dog is also present in the scene. This repetition of actions suggests that the video might be a part of a series or a continuous event where the person and the dog are interacting or engaging in a particular activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions involving a person holding a cell phone and walking. The person is seen walking with the cell phone in their hand, and they also appear to be walking towards the camera. This suggests that the person might be using the cell phone for communication, navigation, or capturing moments during their walk. The repeated actions emphasize the importance of the cell phone in the person's daily life and the role it plays in various activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events involving a person walking around and talking to themselves. The person is seen walking around the area, and at one point, they are talking to themselves while walking. This behavior suggests that the person might be lost, confused, or trying to make sense of their surroundings. Additionally, the person is also seen walking away from the camera, which adds to the sense of movement and exploration in the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, the repeated events or actions include a person sitting down and standing up multiple times. The person is seen sitting down and standing up in a kitchen area. This repetitive behavior suggests that they might be engaging in a specific activity or preparing a meal in the kitchen. The continuous movement of sitting and standing could indicate that the person is either taking a break, adjusting their position, or attending to a task that requires both sitting and standing."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving people walking and standing in a group. The group of people is walking down the street, and at one point, they stop and stand together. This indicates that the group is engaged in a shared activity or event, and they might be waiting for something or someone. The presence of multiple people in the scene suggests that it could be a social gathering, a public event, or a casual meet-up among friends or acquaintances."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person taking a picture of themselves using a cell phone. The person is holding the cell phone in front of their face and taking a selfie. This action is repeated multiple times throughout the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a person walking down a street, a group of people standing around, and a man in a suit. These events are interspersed throughout the video, with the person walking down the street being the most prominent action. The group of people standing around and the man in a suit are also present in various parts of the video, but the person walking down the street is the main focus of the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person holding a cell phone and talking on it. The person is also seen looking at the camera, which suggests that they are engaged in a conversation with someone else, possibly the person holding the camera. The repeated actions of holding the cell phone and talking on it indicate that the person is using the phone for communication purposes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, a person is repeatedly riding a bicycle down a path and going through a wooded area. The bicycle is also seen going down a hill. The person is riding the bicycle in a zigzag pattern, which suggests that they are navigating the path with caution and possibly avoiding obstacles or uneven terrain. The repeated actions of riding the bicycle and going through the wooded area indicate that the person is enjoying the outdoor activity and exploring the path."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person riding a skateboard and performing tricks. The skateboarder is seen riding the skateboard on a ramp, and they are also seen riding the skateboard on the street. These actions suggest that the skateboarder is practicing and improving their skateboarding skills, possibly in a skate park or on a street with suitable terrain for skateboarding."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there is a repeated action of a person sitting on a chair. The person is sitting on the chair multiple times, and this action is captured in different instances throughout the video. This repetition of the person sitting on the chair might be a part of a specific activity or a continuous action that the person is engaged in."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a dog and a person. The dog is sitting on the floor, and the person is sitting on a chair. The dog is also seen in a different position, possibly lying down. The person is also seen in different positions, such as sitting on the chair and standing up. These repeated actions suggest that the video captures a series of interactions between the dog and the person, possibly involving play, relaxation, or other activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions of a person riding a bike and a person walking. The person riding the bike is seen riding down a street, while the person walking is seen walking down the street. These actions are captured in multiple instances throughout the video, providing a sense of movement and activity in the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person cutting food and placing it on a plate. The person is seen cutting a piece of food and placing it on a plate multiple times throughout the video. This suggests that the person is preparing a meal or serving food to themselves or others. The repetition of these actions indicates that the person is likely following a specific recipe or preparing a dish that requires multiple steps."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person cutting wood and stacking it. The person is using a large knife to cut the wood, and they are placing the cut pieces of wood on top of each other. This process is repeated multiple times, indicating that the person is working on a project that requires the use of wood. The repetitive actions suggest that the person might be building a structure or creating a specific design using the wood."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person sitting on a chair and talking to someone. The person is sitting on the chair and engaging in a conversation with another person. This repetitive action suggests that the video might be a recording of a conversation between the two individuals, or it could be a part of a larger event where the same person is sitting on the chair and talking to different people. The exact context of the video cannot be determined solely from the visual content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a person walking down a sidewalk and a dog. The person is walking down the sidewalk, and the dog is following them. This scene is captured multiple times throughout the video, with the person and the dog walking together."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a person talking on a cell phone and a person standing in front of a building. The person talking on the cell phone is seen in several instances, while the person standing in front of the building is also present in multiple scenes. These actions suggest that the video might be a time-lapse or a series of still images captured over a period of time, possibly depicting a person's daily routine or a specific event."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The person is asking the assistant a question, and the assistant is providing an answer. This interaction is repeated several times throughout the video, indicating that the person is seeking information or assistance from the computer program."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events of a plane taking off and landing on the runway. The plane is seen taking off and landing multiple times, indicating that it is a busy airport with frequent air traffic. The presence of multiple planes in the sky also suggests that the airport is a hub for various flights, serving a large number of passengers and cargo."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions of a person jumping off a cliff and flying through the air. The person is captured in mid-air, and the camera follows their movement as they jump and soar through the air. This action is repeated multiple times, showcasing the thrill and excitement of the jump."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person walking through the woods, climbing a tree, and sitting on a tree branch. These actions are captured in various instances throughout the video, showcasing the person's exploration and interaction with the natural environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person riding a skateboard and performing tricks. The skateboarder is seen riding the skateboard on a concrete surface, possibly a skate park, and executing various maneuvers. The repeated actions suggest that the skateboarder is practicing and improving their skills, showcasing their abilities, or simply enjoying the activity. The presence of a skateboard in the video implies that the person is engaged in skateboarding, which is a popular sport and recreational activity involving balance, coordination, and creativity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a person walking down a hallway and a person sitting on a bench. The person walking down the hallway is seen multiple times, while the person sitting on the bench is also captured in different instances. This repetition of actions suggests that the video might be a looped or edited sequence, possibly for artistic or educational purposes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person walking down a dirt road and a dog following them. The person is walking towards the camera, and the dog is walking behind them. This scene is captured multiple times throughout the video, suggesting that the person and the dog are engaged in a continuous activity or interaction."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions involving a car driving down a road and people walking on the sidewalk. The car is seen driving past the people walking on the sidewalk, and the people are walking on the sidewalk while the car is driving by. This repetitive action suggests that the car is either driving past the people or the people are walking past the car, creating a sense of movement and interaction between the car and the pedestrians."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, the repeated events or actions include the chef cutting ingredients on a cutting board, using a knife to prepare the food, and placing the food on a plate. The chef is also seen placing the plate on a table. These actions are repeated multiple times throughout the video, showcasing the chef's cooking process and the preparation of the dish."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a person walking down a street, a building, and a bridge. The person is walking down the street, and at one point, they are walking towards a building. Additionally, the person is seen walking across a bridge. These actions are captured in different instances throughout the video, providing a sense of movement and exploration in the urban environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions involving a person sitting on a bench and a dog. The person is sitting on the bench, and the dog is either sitting or standing nearby. These actions are repeated several times throughout the video, suggesting that they are a central part of the scene or the person's interaction with the dog. The exact nature of their relationship or the reason for these actions is not clear from the video alone, but it is evident that the person and the dog are engaged in some form of interaction or companionship."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events involving a person riding a horse and a dog. The person is seen riding the horse, and the dog is seen running alongside the horse. This sequence of events is repeated a few times throughout the video. Additionally, the person is seen riding the horse up a hill, and the dog is seen running up the hill as well. These actions showcase the bond and companionship between the person and the dog, as they engage in various activities together."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, a person is repeatedly walking across a yard and through a field. They are also seen walking down a street and walking through a park. These actions are repeated throughout the video, indicating that the person is either exploring the area, going for a walk, or engaging in some outdoor activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a person walking down a street, passing by a building, and a car driving by. These events occur multiple times throughout the video. The person walking down the street is likely a pedestrian, while the car driving by is a motorist. The repetition of these events suggests that the video might be capturing a continuous scene or a loop of events, possibly to showcase the flow of pedestrian and vehicular traffic in the area."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a person walking through a grassy field and a dog following the person. The person and the dog appear to be walking together, with the dog walking behind the person. This scene is repeated several times throughout the video, suggesting that the person and the dog are engaged in a walk or a similar activity in the grassy field."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are several repeated events or actions involving a group of people jumping into a body of water. The people are seen jumping into the water from a rocky cliff, which is a common action in the video. The group of people is also seen jumping into the water from a rocky cliff, and they are seen jumping into the water from a rocky area. These repeated actions suggest that the group of people is engaging in a fun and adventurous activity, possibly involving swimming or playing in the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a person walking down a sidewalk and a dog walking on a leash. The person and the dog are walking in opposite directions, with the person walking towards the camera and the dog walking towards the person. This pattern of walking is repeated multiple times throughout the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated instances of people jumping into a large pool or water park. The pool is filled with water and has a slide, which is a popular attraction for people to enjoy. The jumping and sliding activities are likely to be part of a fun and exciting event, such as a party or a gathering, where people are engaging in recreational activities and having a good time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a person walking on a beach and a dog walking on the beach. The person is walking on the beach, and the dog is following them. This scene is repeated several times throughout the video, indicating that the beach is a popular location for both the person and the dog to spend time together. The person and the dog seem to be enjoying their time together, creating a sense of companionship and relaxation in the beautiful beach setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events involving a person walking on the beach and a boat in the water. The person is walking on the beach, and the boat is also present in the water. These events are captured in different shots, suggesting that they are important aspects of the scene or the story being told. The presence of the boat and the person walking on the beach could be related to a beach activity, a vacation, or a leisurely stroll along the shore."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a person riding a motorcycle and performing stunts. The person is seen riding the motorcycle down a street, going around a corner, and making a turn. These actions are repeated multiple times throughout the video, showcasing the motorcyclist's skills and control over the vehicle. The motorcycle stunts are likely performed in a controlled environment, such as a race track or a designated stunt area, to ensure the safety of both the rider and any spectators."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions of a group of people running along a track. The individuals are lined up and running in unison, with each person following the person in front of them. This suggests that they are participating in a race or a group exercise activity, possibly a relay or a team-building exercise. The presence of a man in a suit and tie watching the group of people running indicates that the event might be organized or part of a formal occasion."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person riding a sailboat on the water, and the sailboat is being towed by a motorboat. The person on the sailboat is actively steering the boat, while the motorboat is towing it. This suggests that the person on the sailboat is navigating the boat through the water, possibly enjoying a recreational activity or participating in a sailing event. The presence of the motorboat indicates that the sailboat may require assistance or additional power to move through the water, especially in challenging conditions or when the wind is not strong enough to propel the sailboat alone."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, the man is standing in front of a chalkboard and explaining a math problem. He is pointing at the chalkboard and drawing a square, which is a repeated action throughout the video. He also repeatedly says """"square"""" while explaining the problem. This repetition of actions and phrases helps the viewer understand the math problem and the concept being discussed."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, the repeated events or actions include a person using scissors to cut a piece of paper, and another person holding a piece of paper. The person with the scissors is cutting a piece of paper, while the other person is holding a piece of paper. These actions are repeated several times throughout the video, with the person cutting the paper and the other person holding the paper."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events involving a man talking on a phone and a toy car. The man is seen talking on the phone while holding a toy car, which is a common action throughout the video. Additionally, the toy car is placed on a shelf, and the man is seen talking on the phone while standing in front of the toy car. These actions suggest that the man is engaged in a phone conversation while interacting with the toy car, possibly as a playful or imaginative activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events of a person riding a horse in a field. The person is seen riding the horse and then dismounting from the horse. This pattern of riding and dismounting is repeated several times throughout the video. This could suggest that the person is practicing their horse riding skills or engaging in a recreational activity involving horse riding."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, the man is sitting on a bed and playing a guitar. He is playing the guitar while holding it in his lap. This action is repeated multiple times throughout the video, with the man sitting on the bed and playing the guitar."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person walking into a room and then walking out of the room. The person is also seen sitting on a bed. These actions suggest that the person is moving around the room and possibly changing their location or engaging in different activities. The presence of a bed also implies that the room could be a bedroom, and the person might be in the process of getting ready for bed or waking up from a nap."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, the repeated events or actions include the man preparing a bowl of food, pouring sauce into the bowl, and stirring the contents of the bowl. The man is also seen using a spoon to mix the ingredients in the bowl. These actions are repeated several times throughout the video, indicating that the man is in the process of preparing a meal or dish."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a dog laying on the floor. The dog is seen laying down, rolling around, and possibly playing with another dog. These actions suggest that the dog is engaging in various forms of relaxation and playtime, which are common behaviors for dogs. The dog's actions also indicate that it is comfortable in its environment and enjoys spending time on the floor."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, the white cat repeatedly paws at a spot on the wall, attempting to catch a fly. The cat's actions are captured in a series of close-up shots, showcasing its focus and determination as it tries to catch the fly. This scene illustrates the cat's natural instincts and hunting behavior, as well as its agility and quick reflexes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, the man is seen walking through a field while holding a camera and a backpack. He is also seen walking through a forest. These repeated events or actions suggest that the man is engaged in outdoor activities, possibly taking photographs or exploring the natural environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a group of people playing musical instruments. The group consists of men dressed in uniforms, and they are playing various musical instruments, such as drums and horns. The men are standing in a field, and they are playing their instruments together. This suggests that they might be part of a band or a musical ensemble, and they are likely performing a musical piece or a rehearsal. The repetition of these actions indicates that they are practicing their instruments and working together as a team."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions of a person walking down a road and a car driving down the same road. The person is walking down the road, while the car is driving down the same road, and they both seem to be moving in opposite directions. This repetition of events suggests that the video might be a time-lapse or a looped sequence, capturing the same scene multiple times."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, the repeated events or actions include someone pouring sauce into a pot on the stove, stirring the pot, and adding more sauce. The person is also using a spoon to stir the pot, ensuring that the sauce is well-mixed and cooked evenly. The cooking process is taking place on a stove, and the person is using a pot to contain the sauce."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, the woman is seen sitting in a chair and talking to someone on a video call. The repeated events or actions in the video include her sitting in the chair, talking to the person on the video call, and possibly looking at the camera. These actions are captured multiple times throughout the video, indicating that the woman is engaged in a conversation or discussion with the person on the call."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person jumping into the water and a shark jumping out of the water. These actions are captured in a series of short clips, with the person jumping into the water and the shark jumping out of the water happening multiple times. The person is likely attempting to catch the shark, while the shark is trying to escape from the person's grasp. The video captures the dynamic interaction between the person and the shark in the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a group of people riding horses and interacting with each other. The people are wearing cowboy hats and are likely participating in a horseback riding activity or a group ride. They are seen riding horses, walking alongside each other, and possibly engaging in conversations or enjoying the outdoor environment. The presence of multiple people and horses in the scene suggests that this could be a social event, a recreational activity, or a group outing where people come together to bond over their shared interest in horseback riding."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person working on a dough machine, preparing dough, and making pastries. The person is seen working with dough and pastries, and the process involves rolling and cutting the dough. The actions are repeated multiple times, showcasing the person's skill and the production of the pastries."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a man talking on a cell phone and another man standing nearby. These actions are captured in multiple instances throughout the video. The man talking on the cell phone is also seen walking away from the other man, which adds to the repetition of the scene. The video seems to focus on these two individuals and their interactions, capturing these actions multiple times."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, the repeated events or actions include a man standing on a field, holding a tennis racket, and swinging it. The man is also seen walking across the field while holding the tennis racket. These actions suggest that the man is either playing tennis or practicing his tennis skills."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person talking on a cell phone and a dog barking. The person is engaged in a conversation on the phone, while the dog is barking in the background. This repetitive action of the person talking on the phone and the dog barking creates a sense of rhythm and emphasizes the contrast between the human and the animal's behavior."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of people dancing and exercising together in a room. The group of people is engaged in various activities, such as dancing and exercising, which are captured in multiple instances throughout the video. The participants seem to be enjoying themselves and participating in a fun and energetic group activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a horse and a rider. The rider is seen riding the horse around a ring, possibly participating in a horse show or a training session. The horse is also seen walking around the ring, likely following the rider's commands or performing a specific task. These actions suggest that the rider and the horse are engaged in a training or performance activity, with the rider guiding the horse to perform various movements or maneuvers."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a group of people dressed in white uniforms, walking in a line and performing synchronized movements. These actions are likely part of a performance or a choreographed routine. The group of people is walking down a street, and they are also seen in a parking lot, which suggests that they might be performing in a public space or an event. The synchronized movements and coordinated appearance of the group indicate that they are part of a team or organization, possibly a dance troupe or a military unit."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a man lifting a barbell and using it for various exercises. The man is seen lifting the barbell, placing it on a stand, and performing exercises with it. These actions suggest that the man is engaging in a workout routine that involves lifting weights and using the barbell for various exercises, such as squats, deadlifts, or bench presses. The presence of a gym setting and the barbell on a stand further emphasize the man's intent to engage in a workout session."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, the woman is engaged in a series of repeated actions. She is sitting on a couch, holding a frisbee, and playing with it. She is also seen standing in front of a piano, possibly playing it or preparing to play it. These actions suggest that the woman is enjoying her time and engaging in various activities, including physical and musical ones."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a man and a boat. The man is seen rowing the boat on the water, and he also appears to be taking a break from rowing. Additionally, the man is seen standing in the boat and looking at the camera. These events suggest that the man is actively engaging with the boat and enjoying his time on the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a woman standing in a field, holding a frisbee, and possibly playing with it. She is also seen sitting in the grass and standing in the field. These actions suggest that she is engaging in outdoor activities, possibly playing frisbee or simply enjoying the open space. The woman's presence in the field and her interaction with the frisbee indicate that she is participating in a recreational activity or spending time outdoors."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of two men wrestling each other on the floor. The wrestling match involves grappling, pushing, and trying to gain control over the other person. The wrestlers are actively engaged in the match, showcasing their strength and skill. The scene takes place in a gym, which suggests that this could be a practice session or a competitive event. The continuous grappling and pushing actions highlight the physicality and intensity of the wrestling match."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions of a person playing a game on a Nintendo Wii console. The person is swinging a Wii remote to control the game, which involves physical movement and coordination. The game appears to be a tennis-like game, as the person is swinging the remote like a tennis racket. This suggests that the game is designed to engage the player in a fun and interactive way, encouraging physical activity and movement."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person cutting and arranging food on a plate. The person is cutting up various food items, such as a cake, and then arranging them on the plate. This process is repeated several times throughout the video, indicating that the person is likely preparing a meal or dessert. The person also adds some food to the plate, which further suggests that they are in the process of creating a dish. The repetitive actions of cutting and arranging food on the plate highlight the preparation and presentation of the meal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a dog walking down the street and people walking on the sidewalk. The dog is walking down the street, and the people are walking on the sidewalk. These actions are repeated throughout the video, with the dog and people alternating between walking on the street and sidewalk."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, a woman is performing a series of repetitive actions, including jumping and kicking. She is wearing a yellow shirt and appears to be practicing her moves in a gym or dance studio. The woman is also seen holding a boxing glove, which suggests that she may be engaging in a combination of dance and boxing exercises. These actions are repeated several times, showcasing her skill and dedication to her training."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, the man is repeatedly looking at the camera and talking to it. He is also looking at the camera while holding a cell phone. This repetitive action of looking at the camera and engaging with it suggests that he might be participating in a video call, a live stream, or a social media interaction. The man's actions and expressions indicate that he is actively communicating with someone or something through the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a man talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The man is seen sitting in front of the computer, and the assistant is providing him with information or assistance. This interaction is repeated multiple times throughout the video, indicating that the man is engaging with the computer program to get information, complete tasks, or ask questions. The exact nature of the assistance provided by the computer program is not clear from the video alone, but it is evident that the man is using the program to interact with the computer."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving two women playing a game using a box of cards. They are sitting at a table, and one of the women is holding a card while the other woman is looking at her. The women are engaged in a friendly competition, which suggests that they are enjoying themselves and having a good time. The repeated actions of holding cards and looking at them indicate that they are actively participating in the game and trying to outsmart each other."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person cutting vegetables, specifically a carrot, on a cutting board. The person is using a knife to cut the carrot into smaller pieces. This action is repeated several times throughout the video, indicating that the person is preparing a meal or demonstrating a cooking technique."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The repeated events or actions in the video are the woman sitting on a chair and the chair being pushed back. The woman is sitting on the chair, and the chair is being pushed back, possibly by someone else. This repetitive action suggests that the woman might be engaged in a conversation, a performance, or a demonstration where the chair is pushed back and forth."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated events or actions involving a person sitting on a couch and a dog. The person is sitting on the couch, and the dog is either sitting next to them or on the couch. These actions are captured in multiple instances throughout the video, suggesting that they are a common or significant part of the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person cutting food on a cutting board. The person is cutting a piece of food, possibly a cucumber, and placing it on the cutting board. The exact number of repetitions cannot be determined, but it is clear that the person is engaged in the process of cutting and placing food on the cutting board multiple times."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions involving the use of a knife, cutting, and placing food on a plate. The person is seen cutting food on a cutting board, placing the cut food on a plate, and possibly transferring the plate to a table. These actions suggest that the person is preparing a meal or handling food in a kitchen setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person wiping a countertop with a cloth. The person is seen wiping the countertop multiple times, indicating that they are cleaning the surface thoroughly. This action is likely to maintain cleanliness and hygiene in the kitchen or other areas where the countertop is used."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions involving a person washing their hands in a sink. The person is seen washing their hands multiple times, which indicates that they are following proper hygiene practices and ensuring cleanliness. This action is essential for maintaining good health and preventing the spread of germs and diseases."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person placing a knife on a cutting board and then cutting food. The person is cutting a piece of food, possibly a sandwich, with the knife placed on the cutting board. This process is repeated multiple times throughout the video, indicating that the person is in the process of preparing a meal or a dish that involves cutting ingredients."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person opening and closing a cabinet. The person is seen opening the cabinet and then closing it, possibly multiple times. This repetitive action suggests that the person is searching for something inside the cabinet or is in the process of organizing or cleaning the cabinet."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, the repeated events or actions include cutting vegetables on a cutting board, placing the vegetables on a plate, and possibly using a knife to cut the vegetables. The person is seen cutting up vegetables on a cutting board, which is placed on a table. The vegetables are then placed on a plate, and the person may continue to cut more vegetables or prepare the dish. The presence of a knife suggests that the person is using it to cut the vegetables, which is a common kitchen activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, the repeated events or actions include the person stirring the pot on the stove, placing a spoon in the pot, and then stirring the pot again. This process is repeated multiple times throughout the video, indicating that the person is cooking or preparing a dish in the pot. The person is also seen placing a spoon in the pot, which might be used for stirring or serving the food. The person's actions emphasize the importance of stirring the pot to ensure even cooking and prevent the ingredients from sticking to the bottom of the pot."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person washing their hands in a sink. The person is seen washing their hands multiple times, which indicates that they are being thorough and following proper hygiene practices. This is important in maintaining cleanliness and preventing the spread of germs and diseases."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person cutting food on a cutting board and placing it on a counter. The person is cutting up a piece of food, and it appears that they are doing this multiple times throughout the video. This repetitive action suggests that the person is preparing a meal or cooking, and they are likely using the cutting board and knife to chop and prepare the ingredients for the dish."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person pouring a liquid into a bowl or cup. The person is pouring the liquid from a bottle or a container into the bowl or cup multiple times. This suggests that the person is either preparing a meal or a beverage, or they are in the process of cleaning or sanitizing the bowl or cup. The repeated actions imply that the person is following a specific recipe or procedure, or they are ensuring that the bowl or cup is clean and ready for use."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of someone opening and closing a refrigerator. The person is opening the refrigerator, looking inside, and then closing it. This action is repeated several times throughout the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions involving food preparation and cooking. The person is seen cutting vegetables, such as onions, and placing them in a bowl. They are also seen cutting up a chicken and placing it in a bowl. The person is using a knife to cut the chicken, and a spoon to scoop the food into the bowl. These actions suggest that the person is preparing a meal, possibly a dish that involves chicken and vegetables. The repetition of these actions indicates that the person is following a specific recipe or preparing a meal that requires multiple steps."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person cutting food on a cutting board. The person is cutting a piece of meat, which is then placed on the cutting board. The same process is repeated several times throughout the video, indicating that the person is preparing a meal or cooking. The presence of a knife and a cutting board suggests that the person is using these tools to cut and prepare the food."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of cutting food on a cutting board. The person is cutting various ingredients, such as vegetables and meat, on the cutting board. This indicates that the person is preparing a meal or dish that requires cutting different types of food items. The presence of multiple cutting boards in the scene also suggests that the person might be using them for different types of food or to separate different ingredients during the preparation process."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of someone stirring a pot on the stove. The person is stirring the pot several times, indicating that they are cooking or preparing a dish. The stirring action is a crucial part of the cooking process, as it helps to ensure that the ingredients are evenly distributed and cooked evenly. This repetitive action suggests that the person is actively engaged in the cooking process and paying attention to the dish's progress."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person opening a microwave and placing food inside it. The person is seen opening the microwave multiple times, and each time, they place food inside the microwave. This suggests that the person is either preparing a meal or reheating food, and they are using the microwave to achieve this."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions involving a cup of coffee and a microwave. The cup of coffee is placed on a microwave, and the microwave is turned on. The cup of coffee is then removed from the microwave, and the process is repeated. This sequence of actions suggests that the person is either preparing or reheating the coffee in the microwave."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person preparing food on a stove. The person is seen stirring the food, adding ingredients, and cooking the meal. These actions are captured in multiple instances throughout the video, showcasing the cooking process and the person's involvement in it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""In the video, there are repeated actions of a person taking food out of a microwave and placing it on a counter. The person is also seen opening the microwave and taking food out of it multiple times. This suggests that the person is either preparing a meal or reheating food in the microwave and placing it on the counter for consumption."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person holding a sandwich and a cup, possibly in a kitchen or dining area. The person is talking to someone, possibly a friend or family member, and they are discussing the sandwich and the cup. The main focus of the conversation seems to be on the sandwich and the cup, with the person possibly sharing their thoughts or preferences about the food or drink."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man sitting in a room, possibly in a chair, and talking to a large vision-language assistant. The assistant is a computer program, and the man is using it to communicate with the machine. The man is asking the assistant a question, and the assistant is providing a response. The interaction between the man and the assistant demonstrates the capabilities of large vision-language assistants in understanding and responding to natural language inputs."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person standing in a parking lot, possibly in a parking space, and talking to a large vision-language assistant. The assistant is described as a large, black, and white robot. The person is asking the robot about parking spaces, and the robot is providing information or assistance in response to the person's question."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program designed to understand and respond to natural language inputs. The person is asking the assistant a question, and the assistant is providing a response. The conversation is taking place in a room with a brick wall, and the assistant is displayed on a screen. The interaction between the person and the assistant highlights the capabilities of large vision-language assistants in handling complex tasks and providing helpful information."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person sitting in front of a camera, possibly in a room with a white wall. The person is talking to someone, possibly a friend, and is engaged in a conversation. The video does not provide enough context to determine the specific topic of the conversation or the relationship between the two individuals."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video is a group of people standing in a room, possibly in a bar or a similar social setting. They are engaged in a conversation, and one person is holding a cell phone. The video does not provide enough context to determine the specific topic of their conversation or the reason for the cell phone being used."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person sitting in a chair, holding a video camera, and talking to someone off-camera. The person is wearing a black shirt and appears to be engaged in a conversation or discussion. The video does not provide any context or information about the content of the conversation or the purpose of the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program designed to understand and respond to natural language input. The person is asking the assistant to perform various tasks, such as providing information, making recommendations, and assisting with decision-making. The assistant is able to provide helpful responses to the user's questions, demonstrating its ability to understand and process the user's requests."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person sitting in a car, and the car is parked in a parking lot. The person is talking to a machine, which is likely a video-chat assistant like Video-ChatGPT. The assistant is providing assistance to the person, who is likely asking for directions or other information. The conversation appears to be focused on the car and the parking lot, with the assistant providing helpful guidance or answers to the person's questions."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program designed to understand and respond to natural language input. The person is asking the assistant a question, and the assistant is providing a response. The conversation appears to be focused on a specific topic, but the exact content of the conversation cannot be determined from the provided video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program designed to understand and respond to natural language input. The person is asking the assistant a question, and the assistant is providing a response. The video also shows a person holding a cell phone, which could be used to interact with the vision-language assistant or to record the conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person sitting in a car and talking to someone on a video call. The person on the call is a large vision-language assistant, and they are discussing various topics. The assistant is providing information and answering questions, demonstrating its ability to engage in conversation and assist the user with various tasks."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man sitting in front of a camera, with a dog sitting on the floor next to him. The man is talking to the camera, and the dog is looking at the camera as well. The man is discussing his life and his dog, and he is also talking about his relationship with the dog. The video is a personal and informal conversation between the man and the camera, providing insights into the man's life and his connection with his pet."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a robot. The person is explaining a task to the robot, and the robot is trying to understand the instructions. The robot is listening carefully to the person's explanation and appears to be processing the information. The interaction between the person and the robot suggests that the robot is designed to assist with various tasks and provide assistance to users in a natural language environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person sitting at a table with a plate of food in front of them. The person is using a video chat application, and the video chat assistant is present, suggesting that the user is seeking assistance or guidance. The assistant is likely to help the user with various tasks, such as cooking, ordering food, or providing information about the dish they are about to eat. The assistant's presence indicates that the user is utilizing the video chat application to interact with the assistant for a specific purpose."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a close-up of a tree with a large branch, possibly a fallen tree branch. The tree appears to be dead, and the branch is covered in moss."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person sitting in a room, possibly in front of a camera. The person is talking to someone, but the content of the conversation is not clear from the video. The person is also holding a cell phone, which might be related to the conversation or their interaction with the other person. The overall scene suggests a casual, informal setting where the person is engaging in a conversation or sharing information with someone else."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The person is asking the assistant a question, and the assistant is providing an answer. The assistant is able to understand the video content and communicate with the user in natural language."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video is a promotional video for a product called """"Silence is Betrayal,"""" which is a Sydney Flash USB for Syria. The video shows a person holding a USB drive and explaining the concept of the product. The USB drive is designed to raise awareness and funds for Syrian refugees, and it is a symbolic gesture to show support for the people affected by the ongoing conflict in Syria. The video aims to encourage people to purchase the product and contribute to the cause."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program designed to understand and respond to natural language input. The person is explaining a task to the assistant, which is then attempting to complete the task. The assistant is shown typing on a keyboard, suggesting that it is following the instructions provided by the user. The video demonstrates the capabilities of large vision-language assistants in understanding and executing tasks based on user input."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a large airport with a runway and a city in the background. The airport is busy with airplanes and people, and there is a car on the runway. The airport appears to be a hub for air traffic, with multiple planes taking off and landing. The presence of the city in the background suggests that the airport is located in a densely populated urban area. The overall atmosphere of the video is bustling and dynamic, reflecting the busy nature of airport operations."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person standing in a forest, surrounded by trees and a mountainous landscape. The person is holding a camera, and the video is focused on the camera's view. The forest appears to be quite dense, with many trees and a variety of vegetation. The person is likely capturing the beauty of the natural environment and sharing it with others."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a close-up of a tree with a large branch, possibly a tree limb, hanging from it. The tree appears to be a dead tree, and the branch is described as being """"hanging from the dead tree."""""",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person riding a skateboard on a paved surface, likely a skate park. The skateboarder is performing tricks and maneuvers, which indicates that they are skilled in skateboarding. The video does not provide any specific details about the skateboarder's identity or the location, but it showcases their skateboarding skills and the enjoyment of the sport."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person sitting in a car, possibly a driver, and talking to someone on a cell phone. The person is using a cell phone to communicate with someone, possibly a friend or a family member, while driving the car. This behavior is dangerous and can lead to accidents, as it distracts the driver from focusing on the road and the surrounding environment. It is essential to avoid using a cell phone while driving to ensure the safety of oneself and others on the road."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is likely a computer program or an AI-powered chatbot. The person is asking the assistant a question, and the assistant is providing a response. The conversation is taking place in a room, and the person is sitting in front of the computer. The video demonstrates the use of technology to interact with a virtual assistant for assistance or information."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of people standing in a parking lot, with some of them talking on their cell phones. There is also a car parked in the lot. The scene appears to be casual and relaxed, with people engaging in conversations and using their phones."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a chef preparing a meal in a kitchen, using various ingredients and utensils such as a knife and a spatula. The chef is carefully cutting and arranging the ingredients on a cutting board, demonstrating their skill and attention to detail. The video also shows the chef using a spatula to stir the ingredients, which helps to ensure even cooking and a smooth texture. Overall, the video showcases the chef's expertise and the process of preparing a meal in a professional kitchen setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person standing in front of a building, possibly a skyscraper, and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The person is asking the assistant about the building's height, and the assistant responds by explaining that the building is tall, but it is not the tallest building in the area. The person then asks about the tallest building in the area, and the assistant provides information about its height as well. The video demonstrates the use of a vision-language assistant for gathering information and understanding the context of a situation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person sitting in a chair, possibly in a room with a window, and talking to a large machine. The person is engaging in a conversation with the machine, which appears to be a large vision-language assistant. The machine is listening to the person's words and responding to them, suggesting that it is a sophisticated technology designed to understand and communicate with humans. The interaction between the person and the machine demonstrates the potential for advanced AI systems to facilitate natural language communication and potentially improve various aspects of human life."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person standing on a hill or a grassy area, possibly in a park, and talking to someone on a cell phone. The person is engaged in a conversation, possibly discussing something of interest or importance. The setting appears to be outdoors, with the person standing on a grassy area, which suggests that they might be enjoying the natural surroundings while having the conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person sitting on the ground, possibly in a park, and talking to a large vision-language assistant. The assistant is a computer program that can understand the video content and provide assistance to the user. The user is likely asking the assistant for information or assistance with a task, and the large vision-language assistant is responding to the user's request. The exact nature of the assistance provided by the assistant cannot be determined from the video alone."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a large building with a tall tower, possibly a church, and a person standing in front of it. The person is talking to someone on a video call, and the video is being described as """"very weird."""" The content of the video is not clear, but it seems to be a conversation between two individuals, with one of them possibly being the person standing in front of the building."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a field with tall grass and a person standing in it. The person is talking to someone on a video call, and the grass is blowing in the wind. The scene suggests a casual and relaxed atmosphere, possibly in a rural or natural setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of people, including a man and a woman, standing in a river or a waterfall. They are enjoying their time together, possibly engaging in recreational activities such as swimming or simply relaxing in the natural environment. The presence of the waterfall adds to the scenic beauty of the location, making it an attractive spot for leisure and socializing."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person, likely a man, sitting on a cement floor in a room. The man is holding a cell phone and appears to be engaged in a video call. The content of the video call is not explicitly shown, but it is clear that the man is actively participating in the conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of people playing in a water park, with some of them riding on a water slide. They are enjoying their time and having fun."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a close-up of a rocky area with a lot of rocks and plants. The focus is on the rocks and the plants growing on them. The rocks are covered in moss and lichen, creating a visually interesting and diverse landscape."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person standing on a beach, holding a cell phone. The person is looking at the camera and appears to be talking to someone on the phone. The beach setting suggests that the person might be enjoying a leisurely day outdoors, engaging in a conversation, or possibly sharing their experience with someone else."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person riding a motorcycle down a street, with the motorcycle's rear tire leaving a trail of smoke behind it. The rider is wearing a helmet and appears to be enjoying the ride."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of people, including a man in a suit, running across a track. They are lined up and preparing to run, with some of them already starting their run. The man in the suit is likely a coach or an official, overseeing the event. The group is participating in a race, and the man in the suit is likely there to ensure the event runs smoothly and safely."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man on a sailboat, sailing across the ocean. He is actively steering the boat and enjoying the experience of sailing on the water. The boat is equipped with a sail, which suggests that the man is utilizing the wind to propel the boat forward. The video captures the excitement and adventure of sailing, as the man navigates the open water and enjoys the natural beauty of the ocean."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man standing in front of a chalkboard, explaining a math problem to a group of students. He is pointing to the chalkboard, which has a square drawn on it, and explaining the concept of a square. The man is likely a teacher or a math tutor, helping the students understand the problem and providing guidance on how to solve it. The students are attentively listening to the explanation, indicating that they are engaged in the learning process."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person using a piece of paper to write or draw something on it. The person is using a pen to create a message or a drawing on the paper. The content of the message or drawing is not visible in the video, but the person is actively engaged in the activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a cartoon character, possibly a puppet, sitting in front of a phone and talking to someone. The character is wearing a crown and appears to be a king. The scene is set in a room with a desk, a chair, and a phone. The character is engaged in a conversation, possibly discussing something important or just having a casual conversation. The presence of the phone and the character's attire suggest that the scene might be set in a royal or regal setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person riding a horse in a field. The rider is wearing a white shirt and riding a white horse. The horse is galloping in the open field, and the rider is enjoying the ride."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man sitting on a bed playing a guitar. He is holding the guitar and appears to be playing it, possibly singing along with the music. The scene takes place in a bedroom, and the man is wearing a white shirt."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a bedroom with a large bed, a window, and a fan. The bed is neatly made, and the room appears to be well-maintained. The video also features a person talking about the bedroom, possibly discussing the room's features or sharing their thoughts about the space."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man preparing a meal in a kitchen, specifically making a salad. He is using a bowl to mix the ingredients, which include spices and other ingredients. The man is also using a spoon to stir the contents of the bowl. The video provides a glimpse into the process of preparing a meal, showcasing the man's cooking skills and the importance of using the right tools, such as a spoon, to ensure the salad is well-mixed and properly seasoned."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a dog laying on the floor, possibly in a kitchen, with its belly exposed. The dog appears to be pregnant, as it is described as a """"pregnant dog"""" in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a cat sitting on a bed and looking at a wall. The cat appears to be staring at a spot on the wall, possibly due to a light or a reflection."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man walking through a field while holding a camera. He is wearing a blue shirt and appears to be taking photographs or capturing footage of the surroundings. The man is also carrying a backpack, which might contain additional equipment or supplies for his photography session."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of men in uniform, likely a band, standing in a grassy field. They are holding various musical instruments, such as trumpets and drums, and appear to be preparing for a performance or rehearsal. The setting suggests that they are a part of a music ensemble or a marching band, and their presence in the field indicates that they might be practicing or performing outdoors."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person standing on a street, possibly in a rural area, with a car in the background. The person is talking to someone on a cell phone, and there is a car driving down the road. The scene appears to be a typical day in a small town or countryside setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person pouring a red liquid, possibly tomato sauce, into a pot on a stove. The person is using a ladle to scoop the sauce into the pot. The stove is turned on, and the person is likely preparing a meal or cooking a dish that requires the use of the sauce."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows an elderly woman sitting in a red shirt, wearing glasses, and holding a phone. She is engaged in a video call, possibly with a friend or family member. The woman is smiling and appears to be enjoying the conversation. The video captures a moment of connection and happiness between the woman and the person on the other end of the call."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person holding a cell phone and pointing it at the water, capturing a fish swimming in the ocean. The person is likely using the phone's camera to take a photo or record a video of the fish. The image of the fish in the water is the main focus of the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of cowboys riding horses in a field. They are wearing hats and riding horses, and they seem to be enjoying their time together. The scene takes place in a rural setting, with the cowboys engaging in a leisurely activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man working in a bakery, preparing dough for making donuts. He is using a rolling pin to roll the dough out on a wooden table, creating a smooth and even surface. The man is wearing an apron, which is a common safety measure in a bakery to protect his clothes from flour and other ingredients. The scene takes place in a kitchen setting, where the man is working on the dough, ensuring that the donuts are prepared with the right consistency and texture."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man talking to a large vision-language assistant, which appears to be a computer program or a robot. The man is asking the assistant questions and receiving answers in a conversational manner. The assistant is able to understand the video content and respond to the man's queries, demonstrating its ability to engage in natural language communication."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man standing on a field, holding a video camera and talking to someone off-camera. He is explaining how to use a video camera, and he is also talking about a specific feature of the camera. The man is providing instructions and guidance to the person watching the video, which could be a friend, family member, or a viewer who is interested in learning about the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person sitting in front of a camera, talking to someone else, and possibly interacting with a computer. The person is wearing a headset, which suggests that they might be using a video-calling platform or a gaming system. The content of the conversation is not clear, but it appears to be a casual conversation between two individuals. The person might be sharing information, discussing a topic, or engaging in a video call with friends or family."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of people, possibly a dance class, practicing dance moves in a studio. They are wearing colorful outfits and are engaged in various dance routines. The participants seem to be enjoying themselves and are focused on improving their dance skills."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man riding a horse in a large arena, possibly participating in a horse show or competition. The man is wearing a cowboy hat and appears to be enjoying the experience. The arena is filled with spectators, and the atmosphere seems to be lively and engaging. The man's horse is also involved in the activity, showcasing its skills and the bond between the rider and the horse."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a large group of people dressed in white, walking down a street and performing a synchronized dance. They are all wearing white clothing and appear to be part of a coordinated performance. The group is walking in a line, moving together as they dance, and they seem to be enjoying the experience. The video captures the group's synchronized movements and the excitement of the event."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man working out in a gym, specifically using a barbell and a weight bench. He is lifting the barbell and performing various exercises, such as squatting and pressing the barbell. The gym is equipped with various exercise machines and equipment, including a weight bench, which the man is using to support his weight during the workout. The environment appears to be a well-equipped gym designed for strength training and fitness activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a woman standing in a living room, holding a large, colorful, and possibly inflatable object. She is holding it up and appears to be playing with it. The object is likely a toy or a piece of exercise equipment, and the woman is enjoying herself while interacting with it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man sitting in a boat on a lake, and he is talking to someone on a video call. The man is explaining something to the person on the call, likely discussing the boat or the lake. The video also shows the man's reflection in the water, which adds to the overall atmosphere of the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a woman standing in a grassy field, holding a hula hoop. She is wearing a green shirt and appears to be enjoying herself. The main focus of the video is the hula hoop, which is an object that the woman is interacting with."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man and a woman engaged in a wrestling match, with the man attempting to pin the woman down. The scene takes place in a wrestling ring, and the audience is watching the match. The man is trying to use his strength and skill to outmaneuver the woman and gain the upper hand in the match. The wrestling match is intense and competitive, with both participants putting their physical abilities to the test."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a large room with a basketball court, where a group of people is playing basketball. The room appears to be a gym, and the players are engaged in a game of basketball. The video does not provide any specific details about the game or the players' performance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a close-up of a plate with a variety of food items on it, including cakes, cookies, and other treats. The plate is placed on a table, and the camera focuses on the food items, possibly to showcase the variety of items available or to create an appetizing display."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person walking down a street with a dog on a leash. The person is talking to someone on a cell phone, and the dog is looking at the camera. The person is also looking at the camera, and the dog is looking at the person. The scene appears to be a casual, everyday moment captured on video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a woman in a gym, wearing a yellow shirt and black pants, standing on a mat. She is performing a dance move, possibly a kick, and appears to be practicing her dance moves. The video also features a boxing ring in the background, suggesting that the gym may have a variety of sports facilities for its users."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man with a beard who is talking to someone on a video call. He is explaining something to the person on the other end, possibly providing instructions or guidance. The man's facial expression suggests that he is engaged and focused on the conversation. The video call is likely a means of communication for the man to share information or provide assistance to the person on the other end."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man sitting in a room, possibly a living room or a hotel room, and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which appears to be a computer or a large screen. The man is asking the assistant a question, and the assistant is providing a response in a natural language. The man is also seen holding a cell phone, which could be used for communication or accessing information. The overall setting suggests that the man is interacting with a technology-based assistant for assistance or information."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of people playing a game involving a table with a box on it. There are two women actively participating in the game, and a referee is present to oversee the match. The game appears to be competitive, as the players are trying to win the game by placing their boxes on the table. The referee is ensuring that the game is played fairly and according to the rules. The players are focused on the game, and the atmosphere seems to be lively and engaging."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a close-up of a bowl of food, which appears to be a soup or a salad. The bowl is placed on a table, and the camera focuses on the food, highlighting its texture and appearance. The video does not provide any additional context or information about the food, so it is unclear whether it is a specific type of soup or salad, or if it has any particular ingredients or preparation method."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person sitting on a bed, talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The person is asking the assistant to perform various tasks, such as finding information, making recommendations, and providing answers to questions. The assistant responds to the user's requests by providing relevant information or suggestions, demonstrating its ability to assist the user in a natural language conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The assistant is able to understand the video content and provide assistance to the user. The user is asking the assistant to perform a task, and the assistant is providing guidance or instructions on how to complete the task. The video demonstrates the capabilities of vision-language assistants in helping users with various tasks and providing information."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person holding a knife and cutting a piece of food, possibly a sandwich. The person is using the knife to cut the food, and the video is likely focused on the cutting process."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person holding a cell phone and talking to someone on the phone. The person is sitting at a table, and the phone is placed on the table as well. The person is engaged in a conversation, possibly discussing a topic or sharing information."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person sitting at a table with a cup, a spoon, and a bowl. The person is likely engaged in a meal or a snack. The table appears to be a dining table, and the person is using the spoon and bowl to consume their food. The exact nature of the food or the person's intentions cannot be determined from the video alone."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person holding a spoon and a bowl, possibly in a kitchen setting. The person is likely preparing to eat or has just finished eating. The exact purpose of the video cannot be determined with certainty, but it could be a casual moment captured during a meal or a demonstration of a cooking technique."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person holding a cell phone and talking to someone on the phone. The person is sitting at a table with a cup and a bowl, and there is a microwave nearby. The conversation seems to be casual and friendly, as the person is engaged in a conversation with the person on the other end of the phone. The setting suggests that the person might be at home or in a casual environment, possibly enjoying a meal or a beverage while talking on the phone."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a kitchen with various items, including a microwave, a sink, and a cupboard. The kitchen appears to be in a messy state, with items scattered around. The main focus of the video is the microwave, which is a prominent feature in the kitchen. The viewer is likely to be a person who is either cleaning or organizing the kitchen or simply observing the messy state of the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person using a knife to chop up vegetables on a cutting board. They are cutting up a bunch of vegetables, which include onions and other ingredients. The person is carefully cutting the vegetables, likely preparing them for cooking or a dish. The video captures the process of food preparation and highlights the importance of using proper knife skills and techniques to ensure safety and efficiency in the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person cooking food on a stove, specifically stirring a pot of food. The person is using a spoon to stir the pot, and the pot is placed on a stove. The cooking process appears to be in progress, and the person is actively engaged in preparing the meal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink. The person is using a sponge to clean the dishes, and the sink is filled with water. The person is likely performing a task such as washing the dishes after a meal or cleaning up the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person holding a cell phone and talking to someone on the phone. The phone is placed on a table, and the person is engaged in a conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a kitchen with various items, including a bowl, a spoon, and a cup. The kitchen appears to be messy, with items scattered around. The main focus of the video is the bowl, which is placed on a countertop. The person who recorded the video might be discussing or showing the bowl to someone else, possibly for a recipe or to share their thoughts about the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a kitchen with a white counter and a sink. The counter is filled with various items, including a bottle, a cup, and a spoon. The sink is also filled with dishes and utensils. The overall scene suggests that someone is in the process of cleaning or organizing the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen, with various utensils and appliances such as a knife, a bowl, and a microwave. The person is likely following a recipe or preparing a meal for themselves or others. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped, with multiple items and appliances available for use."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person using a kitchen knife to cut a piece of food, possibly a cake, on a cutting board. The person is likely preparing to serve the food or to enjoy it themselves. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped with various utensils and appliances, such as a microwave and a sink, which suggests that the person has access to necessary tools for cooking and food preparation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen, with various ingredients and utensils such as a knife, spoon, and bowl. The person is cutting up vegetables and appears to be in the process of making a dish. The kitchen is equipped with a sink, oven, and other appliances, indicating that it is a functional and well-equipped space for cooking."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person using a kitchen appliance, likely a blender, to make a smoothie. They are holding the blender over a bowl and pouring the contents into the bowl. The person is also holding a spoon, which they might use to stir the smoothie or add additional ingredients. The overall scene suggests that the person is preparing a smoothie for themselves or someone else."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a kitchen with various appliances and utensils, such as a microwave, oven, and a cup. The kitchen appears to be clean and well-organized. The focus of the video is on the microwave, which is placed on a countertop. The microwave is a crucial appliance in the kitchen, used for heating, cooking, and defrosting food. The video highlights the importance of having a clean and functional kitchen space for cooking and food preparation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a kitchen counter with various items on it, including a cup, a bowl, a spoon, and a microwave. The counter appears to be cluttered, with the items placed close together."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a kitchen with various items, including a knife, a spoon, and a bowl. The kitchen appears to be cluttered, with a lot of items scattered around. The main focus of the video is the knife, which is placed on a counter. The viewer is asked to describe the scene and explain the purpose of the knife being on the counter."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a kitchen with a counter, a sink, and a microwave. The counter is cluttered with various items, including a bowl, a cup, and a spoon. The sink is also filled with dishes. The overall scene suggests that the kitchen is in use and possibly in need of cleaning or organization."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting at a table with a plate of food in front of them. They are holding a fork and a knife, and they are about to eat the food. The person is also holding a cell phone, which they are using to communicate or engage with someone else. Additionally, there is a bottle on the table, which could be a beverage or a condiment. The person is also seen looking at the camera, possibly to engage with the viewer or to capture a moment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is sitting in a room, and he is talking to a large computer screen. The computer screen is displaying a video of a person talking, and the man is engaged in a conversation with the computer. The man is also holding a remote control, which suggests that he might be controlling the computer or the video being displayed. The scene appears to be a video-chat session, where the man is interacting with the computer and the person on the screen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair and talking to a large computer screen. The computer screen displays a video of a person talking to a camera, which the person in the chair is also watching. The person in the chair is engaged in a conversation with the computer, likely using a video-calling platform. They are also looking at the camera, which suggests that they might be addressing someone on the other end of the call. This scene illustrates the use of technology for communication and interaction, highlighting the prevalence of video-calling platforms in modern society."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting on a bench and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which appears to be a computer program. The person is asking the assistant a question, and the assistant is providing an answer. The conversation appears to be focused on a specific topic, as the person is engaged in a dialogue with the large computer program. The presence of the bench and the person sitting on it suggests that this interaction is taking place in a public space, such as a park or a plaza."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer. The person is asking the assistant a question, and the assistant is responding with a message on the screen. The conversation appears to be focused on a specific topic, as the person is engaged and waiting for the assistant's response."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a public area, possibly a park or a street. They are engaged in various activities, such as walking, standing, and talking to each other. One person is seen holding a cell phone, which might be used for communication or capturing memories. The overall atmosphere appears to be casual and social, with people enjoying their time together in the outdoor setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The person is asking the assistant a question, and the assistant is providing an answer. The main action in the video is the interaction between the person and the computer program, with the person asking a question and the computer program providing a response."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The person is asking the computer for assistance with a task, and the computer is providing a response. The conversation is taking place in a room with multiple people present, indicating that it might be a group discussion or a social gathering. The presence of multiple people in the room suggests that the computer program is being used for a collaborative or interactive purpose, possibly for educational, entertainment, or work-related purposes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a car and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which appears to be a computer-generated image or a virtual assistant. The person is asking the assistant about the weather, and the assistant is providing information about the current weather conditions. The person is also asking about the traffic, and the assistant is providing information about the traffic situation. The interaction between the person and the large vision-language assistant demonstrates the use of technology to access information and perform tasks related to daily life, such as checking the weather and traffic conditions."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a car, possibly in a parking lot, and talking to someone else on a cell phone. They are engaged in a conversation, and the person on the other end of the call is speaking to them. The person in the car is actively listening to the person on the phone and responding to their conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is sitting in a room and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which appears to be a large computer screen. The man is asking the assistant various questions, and the assistant is providing answers in a natural language. The man is also seen typing on a keyboard, which could be used to interact with the assistant or input information. The scene suggests that the man is engaging with the large vision-language assistant to seek information, assistance, or to communicate with the system."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a car and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which appears to be a computer program. The person is asking the assistant questions and receiving answers. The assistant is also displaying a visual representation of the conversation, which includes text and possibly images or diagrams. The interaction between the person and the assistant suggests that the assistant is providing assistance or guidance to the user, possibly in a professional or educational context."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a dog is sitting on a table, and a person is talking to the camera. The dog appears to be well-behaved and calmly sitting on the table. The person is likely engaging in a conversation with the dog or providing instructions to the dog. The scene takes place indoors, possibly in a living room or a similar setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is riding a bike down a street, and the bike has a basket on it. The person is also talking on a cell phone while riding the bike. This combination of activities creates an interesting and potentially unsafe situation, as the person is multitasking and not fully focused on the road. It is important for individuals to prioritize safety and avoid distractions while riding a bike, especially when navigating through traffic or engaging in potentially hazardous activities like talking on a cell phone."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting at a table and holding a plate with food. They are also holding a cell phone, possibly using it to take a picture of the food or engage in a video call. The person is also seen using a fork and knife to eat the food. The scene suggests that the person is enjoying a meal, possibly in a restaurant or at home, and is using the cell phone for various purposes, such as capturing the food or engaging in conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in front of a computer screen, and they are engaged in a video chat with a large vision-language assistant. The assistant is providing information or assistance to the user, which involves the use of natural language. The user is likely asking a question or seeking guidance, and the large vision-language assistant is responding to the user's input. The video demonstrates the integration of technology and human interaction, showcasing the capabilities of large vision-language assistants in assisting users with various tasks and providing valuable information."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in front of a camera and talking to someone else. The person is also holding a cell phone, which they are using to communicate with the other person. The person is also using the cell phone to show something to the other person, possibly sharing a photo or a video. The conversation appears to be casual and informal, as the person is sitting comfortably in their living room."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The person is asking the computer to perform various tasks, such as playing a game, sending a message, and making a call. The computer is responding to the user's commands and providing assistance with the tasks. The video demonstrates the capabilities of the vision-language assistant in understanding and responding to natural language input from the user."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a room and talking to someone on a video call. The person is holding a cell phone and appears to be engaged in a conversation with the other person. The video also shows a clock in the background, which could indicate the time of day or the duration of the call. The person's attention is focused on the video call, and they are actively participating in the conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in front of a camera, and they are talking to someone else. The person is also holding a cell phone in their hand. The main focus of the video is the interaction between the two individuals, with the person holding the cell phone possibly being the one who is talking to the other person. The video does not provide any additional context or information about the content of the conversation or the purpose of the cell phone being used."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a large airplane is seen on the runway, either taking off or landing. The airplane is located on the runway, which is a long, flat surface designed for aircraft to move and take off or land. The presence of the airplane on the runway indicates that it is either preparing for a flight or has recently completed one. The surrounding environment includes trees and a city in the background, suggesting that the airport is situated in a more urban or suburban area. The video captures a moment of activity at the airport, highlighting the importance of air travel and the role of airports in facilitating the movement of people and goods."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in front of a computer, possibly using a video chat platform. They are engaged in a conversation with someone else, who is not visible in the video. The person is typing on the keyboard, which suggests that they are communicating with the other person through text or voice. The video also shows the person's hands typing on the keyboard, indicating their active participation in the conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is talking to a large, furry creature, possibly a bear, in a forest setting. The person is holding a camera and recording the interaction. The large creature is sitting on a tree branch, and the person is standing nearby, engaging in a conversation with the animal. This encounter showcases the fascinating connection between humans and wildlife, as well as the curiosity and respect people often have for animals in their natural habitats."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is riding a skateboard down a street or a ramp, possibly in a skate park. The skateboarder is performing a trick, which involves jumping over a barrier or a rail. The skateboarder is also seen riding down a ramp and maneuvering around obstacles. The video captures the skateboarder's skill and control as they navigate the skateboard through various challenges."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a car, and the car is driving down a road. The car is also passing by a rocky cliff. The person appears to be engaging in a conversation with someone, possibly a passenger or a friend, while the car is in motion. This suggests that the person is multitasking, balancing their attention between the conversation and the driving. The presence of the rocky cliff adds an element of scenic beauty to the scene, making the journey more enjoyable for the person and the passengers."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in front of a camera and talking to someone else, possibly a friend or a family member. The person is holding a cell phone, which they are using to record the conversation. The person is also looking at the camera, engaging in a conversation with the person behind the camera. The video content is focused on the interaction between the two individuals, with the person holding the cell phone capturing the moment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a parking lot, with cars and trucks parked nearby. They are engaged in various activities, such as talking to each other, standing around, and possibly looking at a car. One person is seen walking towards the camera, while another person is sitting in a car. The overall atmosphere appears to be casual and social, with people interacting and enjoying their time together."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a chef is preparing food on a cutting board, which is placed on a dining table. The chef is using a knife to chop up ingredients, and there are multiple ingredients on the cutting board. The chef is also using a spatula to stir the food, and there are multiple spoons present on the table. The chef is actively engaged in the process of preparing the meal, which involves chopping, stirring, and possibly seasoning the food. The overall atmosphere of the video is focused on the culinary process and the chef's expertise in preparing the meal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair and talking to someone on a video call. They are using a laptop to communicate with the person on the other end. The person on the video call is seen in the background, and the person in the foreground is engaged in conversation. The video call is taking place in a room, and the person is sitting in a chair. The overall scene suggests a casual, everyday interaction between two individuals using video communication technology."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The person is asking the computer to perform various tasks, such as providing information, answering questions, and assisting with decision-making. The large vision-language assistant is able to understand the user's input and respond accordingly, demonstrating its ability to engage in natural language communication and provide assistance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is riding a horse in a grassy field. The horse is running, and the rider is holding onto the reins, maintaining control over the horse. The rider is also looking back, possibly to ensure the horse's safety or to check on the surroundings. The scene takes place in a grassy field, which provides a natural and open environment for the horse to run and the rider to enjoy the experience."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is walking through a yard, and there is a dog nearby. The person is also talking to the dog, which suggests a friendly interaction between them. The dog appears to be looking at the camera, possibly indicating curiosity or interest in the person's actions. The scene takes place in a yard, which might be a backyard or a park, and it appears to be a casual, outdoor setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a room, possibly in a chair, and talking to someone else who is not visible in the frame. The person is also holding a remote control. The room appears to be a living room, and there are some books nearby. The person is engaged in a conversation, possibly discussing the remote control or other topics. The overall atmosphere of the scene seems to be casual and relaxed, with the person enjoying their time in the living room."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a grassy area, possibly in a park or a yard. The person is holding a cell phone and appears to be engaged in a video call. The person is looking at the camera, and the video also shows the grassy area and the surrounding environment. The person is likely using the video call to communicate with someone else, share their surroundings, or discuss a topic related to the outdoor setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered at a waterfall, with some of them jumping into the water. There are also people standing around the waterfall, and some of them are wearing bathing suits. The overall atmosphere appears to be fun and lively, with people enjoying the outdoor environment and engaging in various activities, such as jumping into the water and socializing with each other."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting on the floor and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The person is holding a cell phone and showing the assistant something on the screen. The assistant is listening to the person's instructions and responding to them. The main actions occurring in the video are the person interacting with the computer program, showing the assistant something on the cell phone screen, and receiving a response from the assistant."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is riding a water slide, likely at a water park. They are sliding down the slide and enjoying the ride. The slide appears to be a large, inflatable slide, which adds to the excitement and fun of the experience. The person is likely experiencing a sense of thrill and adrenaline as they slide down the slide."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is standing in front of a wall covered in moss and algae, and they are holding a camera. The person is talking to the camera, possibly discussing the mossy wall or sharing their thoughts about the environment. The wall appears to be a natural, organic surface, and the person is capturing the moment with their camera. This scene suggests that the person is interested in the unique features of the mossy wall and wants to document or share their experience with others."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is standing on a beach, and there is a boat in the background. The person is also talking to someone, possibly a friend or family member, and they are both looking at the camera. The person on the beach is also looking at the camera, and the boat is moving in the background. The overall atmosphere of the video seems to be casual and relaxed, with the beach and boat providing a picturesque backdrop for the conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is riding a motorcycle down a street, and the motorcycle is equipped with a camera. The rider is also wearing a helmet. The camera on the motorcycle is capturing the rider's perspective, allowing the viewer to see the surroundings and the rider's actions from the motorcycle's point of view. The rider is navigating the street, possibly enjoying the ride or commuting to a destination."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is running on a track, with one person in the lead. They are wearing uniforms and appear to be part of a team. The runner in the lead is holding a stopwatch, which suggests that they might be timing their performance or preparing for a race. The other runners are following closely behind, indicating a competitive spirit among the team members. The presence of a man in a suit watching the runners adds an element of professionalism to the scene, suggesting that this might be a formal event or a training session."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is sailing a small boat on a large body of water, likely a lake or ocean. He is actively steering the boat and maneuvering it through the water. The boat appears to be a sailboat, and the man is skillfully controlling it as he navigates through the waves. The video captures the excitement and challenge of sailing, showcasing the man's ability to handle the boat and adapt to the changing conditions of the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is standing in front of a chalkboard, likely in a classroom setting. He is holding a piece of paper and pointing at a diagram on the chalkboard. The diagram appears to be a math problem, possibly involving a square or a triangle. The man is likely explaining or teaching the problem to the students in the classroom. The scene suggests that he is engaging in a lesson or a discussion related to math or geometry."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a pair of scissors to cut a piece of paper. The person is holding the scissors with their fingers, and the scissors are positioned over the paper. The person is likely preparing to cut the paper into a specific shape or size, or they might be using the scissors for some other purpose. The scene takes place on a wooden table, which provides a surface for the activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is talking on a phone while sitting in a room. He is wearing a funny hat and a shirt, which suggests that he might be dressed up for a costume or a special occasion. The man is also holding a phone to his ear, which indicates that he is engaged in a conversation. The presence of a toy car in the room adds to the playful atmosphere of the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is riding a horse in an open field. The horse is galloping, and the rider is holding the reins to maintain control. The rider is also looking back at the camera, possibly engaging in a conversation or observing the surroundings. The scene takes place in a rural setting, with the horse and rider enjoying the open space and freedom of movement."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is sitting on a bed and playing a guitar. He is holding the guitar and playing it, possibly strumming or plucking the strings. The man is wearing a white shirt and appears to be enjoying his time playing the guitar."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a bed is shown with a white comforter and a pillow. The bed is neatly made, and the room appears to be well-organized. A person is also present in the room, possibly the owner or a guest. The person is standing in front of the bed, possibly preparing to get into it or just admiring the room. The video captures a moment of everyday life, showcasing a comfortable and well-maintained bedroom environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is preparing a bowl of soup in a kitchen. He is using a spoon to stir the soup, which is placed in the bowl. The man is also holding a bottle of sauce, possibly to add flavor to the soup. The soup is simmering on the stove, and the man is actively engaged in the process of preparing the meal. This scene demonstrates a typical kitchen activity where someone is cooking a dish, adding ingredients, and ensuring that the soup is well-mixed and flavorful."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a dog is lying on the floor, possibly on a rug, and appears to be pregnant. The dog is rolling around and possibly trying to get comfortable. This suggests that the dog is experiencing some discomfort or is in the process of giving birth. The dog's actions and the presence of the pregnancy indicate that it is a significant event in the dog's life, and it is likely seeking comfort or trying to find a more comfortable position."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a white cat is sitting on a bed and looking at a camera. The cat appears to be focused on the camera, possibly due to the presence of the camera or the person operating it. The cat's attention is directed towards the camera, and it seems to be curious or intrigued by the device."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is walking through a grassy field while holding a camera. He is also wearing a backpack, which suggests that he might be carrying additional equipment or supplies for his photography session. The man appears to be engaged in capturing images or recording a video of the surrounding environment, possibly for personal or professional purposes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a group of men dressed in uniforms is playing musical instruments, including trumpets and drums, in a grassy field. They are standing in a line and playing their instruments, creating a lively and engaging atmosphere. The men are likely part of a band or orchestra, and their performance suggests that they are either rehearsing or performing for an audience. The presence of the grassy field adds a natural and outdoor element to the scene, which could indicate that the performance is taking place in a park or a similar outdoor venue."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is driving a car down a road, and there is a man walking on the sidewalk next to the road. The car is passing by the man, who is walking towards the camera. The scene takes place in a residential area with trees in the background, and the car is driving down a street with a sidewalk on the side."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is pouring a red liquid, possibly tomato sauce, into a pot on a stove. The person is using a spoon to measure and pour the sauce into the pot, which is placed on the stove. The person is also using a spoon to stir the sauce in the pot. This demonstrates the process of preparing a meal, likely pasta, using the red sauce as the base."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, an older woman is sitting in front of a window, wearing a red shirt and glasses. She is engaged in a conversation with someone, possibly a man, who is not visible in the frame. The woman is talking to the person, and they seem to be having a conversation. The focus of the video is on the woman and her interaction with the person, as she is the main subject and the primary action taking place in the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is swimming in the ocean, and a shark is swimming nearby. The shark is approaching the person, and they are both in the water. This creates a sense of tension and excitement as the person tries to stay safe while the shark continues to swim towards them."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is riding horses, and one of the riders is holding a camera. The riders are wearing hats, and they are likely enjoying a horseback riding adventure. The camera is being used to capture the experience, which suggests that the riders might be documenting their journey or capturing memories of the activity. The riders are also engaged in conversation with each other, which indicates a sense of camaraderie and shared enjoyment of the horseback riding experience."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is working in a bakery, preparing dough for making pastries. He is kneading the dough on a wooden table, which is a crucial step in the process of making bread or pastries. The man is using his hands to mix the dough, ensuring that it becomes smooth and elastic. This action is essential for achieving the desired texture and consistency of the final product. The baker is also wearing an apron, which is a common protective garment worn by bakers to keep their clothes clean and maintain hygiene in the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is sitting in a room, holding a cell phone in his hand. He is engaged in a video call, possibly with someone else in the room or a remote participant. The man is also wearing a jacket, which suggests that the setting might be indoors or in a cooler environment. The main focus of the video is the man's interaction with the cell phone and the ongoing video call."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is standing on a field, holding a baseball bat, and talking to someone. The man is also wearing a baseball uniform, which suggests that he might be a baseball player. The video shows the man holding the bat and possibly preparing to play or practice. The conversation between the man and the other person is not explicitly visible in the video, but it is likely related to the baseball game or practice."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in front of a camera and talking to someone else, who is not visible in the frame. The person is holding a cell phone and appears to be looking at it, possibly showing the screen to the other person. The conversation seems to be casual and friendly, as the person is smiling and engaging in a conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is engaged in a dance routine, with some of them wearing shorts and others wearing leotards. They are performing a choreographed dance, likely in a studio setting. The participants are actively moving and coordinating their movements, showcasing their skills and coordination. The video captures the energy and excitement of the dance, as well as the camaraderie and teamwork among the dancers."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is riding a horse in an arena, possibly participating in a horse show or a performance. The man is wearing a cowboy hat and riding the horse, which suggests that he is skilled in horse riding and possibly a professional or experienced rider. The arena is filled with spectators, indicating that the event is likely a public or competitive gathering. The presence of a crowd and the man's attire suggest that this is a formal or organized event, possibly a horse show or a rodeo."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a large group of people is walking down a street in a city, dressed in matching outfits. They appear to be part of a performance or a special event. The group is walking in a line, and some of them are holding hands, which adds to the sense of unity and coordination among the participants. The scene takes place on a city street, with buildings and other urban elements visible in the background. The event seems to be a unique and memorable experience for the participants and onlookers alike."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is performing a workout in a gym, lifting a barbell with a weight plate on it. He is standing on a weight bench, which is a piece of equipment typically used for weightlifting exercises. The man is also holding a dumbbell in his other hand, and he is wearing a white shirt. This suggests that he is engaging in a full-body workout, focusing on strengthening various muscle groups through the use of both the barbell and dumbbell."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a woman is seen sitting in a living room, holding a large spoon, and playing a video game. She is also holding a remote control, which suggests that she is interacting with the game using the remote. The woman appears to be engaged in a gaming session, possibly enjoying herself and having fun."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is sitting in a boat on a lake, and he is talking to someone on a video call. The boat is moving on the water, and the man is holding a phone to his ear, engaging in the video call. The scene takes place in a natural environment, with the man enjoying the outdoor activity of boating while also communicating with someone on the phone."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a woman is standing in a grassy field, holding a hula hoop. She is wearing a green shirt and appears to be enjoying herself as she interacts with the hula hoop. The woman is also smiling, which suggests that she is having a good time and possibly engaging in a playful activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is wrestling with another man in a ring, possibly in a wrestling match. The two men are grappling with each other, with one man attempting to throw the other to the ground. The scene takes place in a gym, with a crowd of people watching the match. The wrestling match appears to be intense and competitive, with both participants putting in their best efforts to gain an advantage over each other."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is playing a game of basketball on a court. They are actively engaged in the game, possibly shooting or dribbling the ball. The person is also seen talking to someone off-camera, which suggests that they might be communicating with a teammate or discussing the game. The basketball court appears to be indoors, possibly in a gym or a sports facility."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in front of a computer with a keyboard and a mouse. They are engaged in a video chat with someone, possibly a friend or a family member. The person is also holding a cup, which suggests that they might be having a beverage during the conversation. The focus of the video is on the computer screen, which displays the video chat window, and the person's interaction with the keyboard and mouse."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is walking down a sidewalk with a dog on a leash. The dog is pulling the person, indicating that it is excited or eager to move forward. The person is also talking on a cell phone while walking the dog, which suggests that they might be multitasking or engaging in a conversation during their walk."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a woman is performing a dance routine in a gym or dance studio. She is wearing a yellow shirt and black pants, and she is standing on one leg while performing the dance. The video also shows her moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner, showcasing her skill and control. The overall atmosphere of the scene is energetic and focused, with the woman demonstrating her talent and dedication to the dance routine."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is sitting in front of a camera, looking directly into it. He has a beard and appears to be wearing glasses. The man is also holding a cell phone, which he is using to record the video. This suggests that he is either participating in a video call or capturing a moment for sharing with others."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is sitting in a chair and talking to a large computer screen. He is engaged in a video call, possibly a business meeting or a casual conversation. The man is wearing a suit and tie, which suggests that the video call might be related to a professional context. The presence of a camera in the background indicates that the video call is being recorded or streamed, possibly for later viewing or sharing with others. The man's attention is focused on the computer screen, which is displaying the video call or the content being discussed during the conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is playing a game of Tic Tac Toe on a table. The game is being played with a set of blocks, and there are two women actively participating in the game. One of the women is trying to block the other player's move, and they are both engaged in the game. The atmosphere appears to be competitive and fun, with the players enjoying the game and trying to outsmart each other."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is cutting a piece of food using a knife. The person is holding the knife and cutting the food, which appears to be a piece of meat. The precise nature of the food cannot be determined from the video alone. The person is using the knife to cut the food, which is a common cooking technique."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a woman is sitting on a bed and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which appears to be a computer or a robot. She is likely interacting with the assistant to perform various tasks or ask questions. The woman is also holding a remote control, which suggests that she might be controlling the assistant or using it to navigate through a menu or application. The presence of the bed and the woman's actions indicate that this is a domestic setting, possibly in a home or a hotel room."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a room, possibly in front of a computer, and talking to a large vision-language assistant. The assistant is listening to the person's conversation and providing responses. The person is also seen typing on a keyboard, which could be related to their interaction with the assistant. The video captures a moment of communication between the person and the large vision-language assistant, highlighting the potential use of such technology in everyday life."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a knife to cut something on a countertop. The person is holding the knife and appears to be in the process of cutting or slicing the item. The video does not provide enough information to determine the exact nature of the item being cut or the purpose of the cutting. However, it is clear that the person is using the knife as a tool to perform the task."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a cell phone to take a picture of a dining table. The table has a cup, a bowl, and a spoon on it. The person is likely capturing the scene to share it with others, document the table setup, or simply to preserve a memory. The presence of the cell phone and the objects on the table suggest that the person might be in a social setting, such as a restaurant or a gathering, where they are capturing the moment to share with others or to remember the occasion."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting at a table, and there is a cup on the table. The person is also holding a cell phone. The salient events or actions occurring in the video include the person sitting at the table, holding a cell phone, and possibly engaging with the device or taking a picture. The presence of the cup suggests that the person might be having a drink or a snack while using their phone."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is washing their hands in a sink. The sink is filled with water, and the person is using soap to clean their hands. This action is essential for maintaining good hygiene and preventing the spread of germs and diseases."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen holding a knife and cutting a piece of bread. They are also holding a bottle, which could be a condiment or a beverage. The person is standing in a kitchen, and the scene takes place in a residential setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions occurring. A person is sitting at a table with a laptop, possibly working or browsing the internet. There are also multiple cups on the table, suggesting that the person might be enjoying a beverage while using the laptop. Additionally, there is a bottle present, which could be a beverage container. The person is also seen typing on the laptop, possibly responding to a message or working on a task. The overall scene depicts a casual and relaxed atmosphere, with the person engaging in various activities using the laptop and the cups on the table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a knife to chop up vegetables on a cutting board. The person is actively engaged in the process of cutting the vegetables, which are placed on the cutting board. The knife is being used to cut the vegetables, and the person is likely following a recipe or preparing a meal. The presence of the cutting board and knife suggests that the person is in the midst of a cooking or food preparation activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is cooking a meal on a stove, using a spatula to stir the contents of the pan. The person is also using a knife to cut something, possibly ingredients for the meal. The cooking process involves the use of various kitchen utensils, such as a spoon, a bowl, and a cup. The person is actively engaged in the cooking process, ensuring that the meal is prepared properly and efficiently."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen washing their hands in a sink. The sink is filled with water, and the person is using soap to clean their hands. This is a common and essential hygiene practice, especially in public spaces like restaurants, hospitals, and schools, to prevent the spread of germs and maintain a healthy environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting at a table, holding a knife, and cutting something. They are also using a cell phone while cutting. The person is cutting a piece of food, possibly a sandwich, and appears to be in the process of preparing a meal. The presence of the cell phone suggests that the person might be multitasking, possibly communicating or browsing the internet while preparing the food."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a microwave to heat up a bowl of food. The microwave is filled with water, and the person is placing the bowl inside the microwave. The microwave is then turned on, and the person is waiting for the food to heat up. The microwave is a kitchen appliance that uses electromagnetic waves to heat and cook food quickly. The person is using this appliance to prepare a meal, which demonstrates the convenience and efficiency of microwave cooking."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a computer and a keyboard to communicate with a large vision-language assistant, which is likely a chatbot. The person is asking the chatbot a question, and the chatbot is providing a response. The video also shows a kitchen counter with various items, such as a cup, a bowl, and a spoon. The presence of these items suggests that the person might be preparing a meal or has recently used the kitchen for food-related activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is preparing food in a kitchen, specifically cutting vegetables on a cutting board. The person is using a knife to cut the vegetables, and there is a bowl nearby. The person is also using a spoon to stir the food. The video captures the process of food preparation, showcasing the person's skills and attention to detail in cutting and stirring the ingredients."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a kitchen knife to cut a piece of food, possibly a cake. The person is cutting the food on a cutting board, which is placed on a counter. The cutting process is taking place in a kitchen setting, and the person is using the knife to cut the food into smaller pieces."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is preparing food in a kitchen, using various utensils and ingredients. They are chopping vegetables on a cutting board, which is placed on top of a kitchen counter. The person is also using a knife to cut the vegetables. Additionally, there is a bowl of food and a spoon in the kitchen. The person is likely in the process of cooking or preparing a meal, which involves cutting and arranging ingredients on the cutting board."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a microwave to heat up some food. They are holding the microwave door open and stirring the food with a spoon. The person is also standing in a kitchen, which suggests that they are preparing a meal or snack. The microwave is a common appliance used for heating and cooking food quickly, and the person's actions indicate that they are using it to achieve this purpose."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions occurring. A person is opening a microwave, placing a container inside it, and closing the microwave door. The microwave is located on a countertop. The person is also seen walking into the kitchen, possibly to retrieve or prepare the container for microwaving. The microwave is a small appliance, and the person appears to be using it for heating or cooking purposes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen opening a microwave and placing a plate inside it. The microwave is then turned on, and the person is waiting for the food to cook. The microwave is a small appliance, and the person is using it to heat or cook the food. The person is likely preparing a meal or reheating a dish in the microwave."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions occurring. A person is seen standing in a kitchen, holding a knife, and cutting something on a cutting board. The person is also holding a cell phone, which might be used for communication or to access information related to the task they are performing. Additionally, there is a sink in the background, suggesting that the kitchen is equipped with essential appliances for food preparation. The overall scene depicts a typical kitchen setting where someone is engaged in a cooking or food preparation activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions occurring. A person is opening a microwave oven and taking out a bowl, which is placed on a counter. The person then places the bowl on a dining table. Additionally, there is a cup on the table, and the person is likely preparing to use the microwave to heat or cook the contents of the bowl. The presence of the microwave, bowl, and cup suggests that the person is engaged in a meal preparation or cooking activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is seen holding a sandwich in their hand. The most important event or action in the video is the person holding the sandwich, which could be a part of their lunch or a snack. This action is significant because it highlights the person's intention to consume the sandwich, possibly as a meal or a quick bite. The video does not provide any additional context or information about the person or the sandwich, so the focus is solely on the person holding the sandwich."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video involve a man sitting in a chair and talking to someone on a video call. The man is engaged in a conversation with someone, possibly a friend or a family member, and they are both sitting in separate chairs. The video call is taking place in a room, and the man appears to be actively listening and responding to the person on the other end of the call. This interaction highlights the importance of communication and the role of video calls in maintaining relationships and staying connected with others, even when they are not physically present."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the person walking towards the camera and the dog following the person. The person appears to be walking towards the camera, possibly to engage in a conversation or to showcase something. The dog is following the person, indicating that it is likely the person's pet and is familiar with the person's movements. This interaction between the person and the dog suggests a sense of companionship and trust between them."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is playing a game on a Nintendo Wii console. They are holding a Wii remote and actively engaging with the game. The most important events or actions in the video include the person swinging the Wii remote to interact with the game, possibly performing a motion-based action, and the console displaying the gameplay on the screen. This demonstrates the interactive nature of the Wii gaming system and the user's active participation in the gameplay."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is sitting in a room, holding a cell phone. They are engaged in a video call with someone, possibly a friend or family member. The most important events or actions in the video include the person holding the cell phone, the person talking on the phone, and the person sitting in the room. These actions convey the context of a typical phone conversation or video call, where the person is interacting with someone else through their cell phone."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a park, and they are engaged in various activities. Some individuals are playing with a frisbee, while others are sitting on the ground or standing around. There is also a man holding a cell phone, possibly taking a photo or recording the scene. The park setting and the presence of people enjoying their time together indicate a social and recreational atmosphere. The frisbee and cell phone are important elements in the scene, as they represent leisure activities and the use of technology for capturing memories."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The most important events or actions in the video include the person engaging in conversation with the computer program, which is designed to understand and respond to natural language input. The person is likely asking the computer for assistance, information, or guidance, and the computer is providing a response based on its programming and understanding of the input. This interaction demonstrates the potential for artificial intelligence and computer programs to engage in human-like conversations and provide assistance in various tasks."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a man is seen walking down a street, possibly in a foreign country. He is also seen talking on a cell phone. The most important events or actions in the video are the man walking down the street and the man talking on his cell phone. There is no other significant information provided in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is sitting in a car and talking to someone on a cell phone. The most important event or action in the video is the person using the cell phone to communicate with someone else. This highlights the role of cell phones in modern communication and their widespread use in various settings, such as cars. The person in the car is likely engaging in a conversation, discussing a topic, or sharing information with the person on the other end of the call."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is sitting in a car and talking to someone on a cell phone. The most important events or actions in the video include the person sitting in the car, talking on the cell phone, and the car being in motion. The focus of the conversation is not explicitly shown, but it is clear that the person is engaged in a phone call while in the car."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the man sitting on a chair, holding a remote, and a dog standing nearby. The man is likely using the remote to control a device, such as a television or a gaming console, while the dog is observing the situation. The presence of the dog adds a sense of companionship and interest to the scene, as it is not common to see a dog in a room where a person is using a remote control."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are a person sitting in a car, possibly a driver, and a person sitting in a chair. The person in the car is likely the driver, while the person in the chair is likely a passenger or a person waiting for the driver. The video does not provide any additional context or information about the events or actions taking place."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, the most important events or actions include a man sitting on a chair, a dog sitting on the floor, and a TV in the background. The man is sitting on a chair, and the dog is sitting on the floor, which suggests that they are in a living room setting. The TV in the background indicates that they might be watching a program or engaging in a leisure activity together. The presence of both the man and the dog in the same room indicates a sense of companionship and a shared environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is riding a bicycle down a street, and the bicycle has a basket on the front. The most important events or actions in the video include the person riding the bicycle, the presence of the basket on the front, and the overall scene of the street. The person's actions and the bicycle's features are the main focus of the video, and there is no redundant information provided."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is sitting at a table with a plate of food in front of them. They are about to eat the food, and the person is also holding a fork. The most important events or actions in the video are the person getting ready to eat the food, holding the fork, and the person sitting at the table with the plate of food. These actions show the person's intention to enjoy their meal and the preparation for consuming the food."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the person cutting a tree branch and the tree branch falling to the ground. The person is using a chainsaw to cut the tree branch, which is a significant action as it shows the person's skill and effort in managing the situation. The tree branch falling to the ground is also an important event, as it demonstrates the outcome of the cutting process and the potential risks associated with such actions. The video captures these two crucial moments, providing a glimpse into the process of cutting a tree branch and the consequences of such actions."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair, and the camera is focused on their face. The person is talking to someone, possibly a friend or a family member, as they are engaged in a conversation. The most important event in the video is the person's interaction with the other person, which is the main focus of the conversation. The person's facial expressions and body language also contribute to the overall context of the conversation, providing insight into their emotions and intentions during the discussion."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair and talking to another person. The person sitting in the chair is also holding a remote control. The most important events or actions in the video are the conversation between the two individuals and the person holding the remote control. The remote control suggests that they might be using some electronic device, such as a TV or a gaming console, and the conversation could be related to the device or a topic of mutual interest."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a man is seen sitting in a room, holding a cell phone. He is also holding a sign that reads """"Silence is Betrayal."""" The most important events or actions in the video include the man sitting in the room, holding the sign, and possibly engaging in a protest or a demonstration. The sign he is holding conveys a message of dissent or opposition, possibly related to a political or social issue. The man's actions and the sign he is holding are the key elements in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the man sitting on a chair, holding a phone, and the woman standing next to him. The man is using the phone, possibly for communication or to access information. The woman is standing nearby, possibly waiting for the man to finish using the phone or engaging in a conversation. The scene takes place in a room, suggesting that they might be in a domestic setting or a shared space."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a large airplane is seen taking off from the runway, and a person is filming the event. The most important events or actions captured in the video include the airplane taking off, the person filming the takeoff, and the surrounding environment, such as the airport and the city in the background. The presence of the airport and the city in the background suggests that this is an urban area, and the airplane's takeoff is an essential part of the local transportation infrastructure."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is seen riding a skateboard down a hill. This is the most important action or event in the video, as it showcases the skateboarder's skill and control while navigating the slope. The skateboarder is likely enjoying the thrill and excitement of the descent, as well as the challenge of maintaining balance and control while moving at a fast pace. The video captures the essence of skateboarding, highlighting the sport's dynamic nature and the adrenaline rush it provides."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is sitting on a tree branch, and the most important event is the person's attempt to climb the tree. The person is trying to reach the top of the tree, which requires balance, strength, and agility. This action showcases the individual's ability to navigate the tree's structure and overcome the challenge of climbing a tree."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the skateboarder performing tricks and stunts on a ramp, and the skateboarder riding down the ramp. The skateboarder is seen jumping and riding on the ramp, showcasing their skills and control over the skateboard. This demonstrates the skateboarder's ability to navigate the ramp and execute various maneuvers, which are essential aspects of skateboarding."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is seen sitting in a car and talking to someone on a cell phone. The most important events or actions in the video include the person sitting in the car, talking on the cell phone, and possibly engaging in a conversation with the person on the other end of the call. The video does not provide any additional context or information about the surrounding environment or any other people present in the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is sitting in front of a camera, and the camera is focused on their face. The person is talking, and the video shows the person's mouth moving as they speak. The most important events or actions in the video are the person's speech and the camera capturing their face and mouth movement. This interaction is likely a conversation or a presentation, and the video serves as a visual record of the event."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a man is driving a car and talking on his cell phone. He is also looking at the camera and appears to be in a parking lot. The most important events or actions in the video are the man driving the car while talking on his cell phone, which is a distracted driving behavior, and the man looking at the camera, which could indicate that he is aware of being recorded or captured in the image."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, the most important events or actions include the chef preparing food on a stove, using a knife to chop ingredients, and placing the food on a plate. The chef is seen cutting ingredients and arranging them on the plate, which demonstrates the cooking process and the skill involved in preparing a meal. This video showcases the chef's expertise in food preparation and highlights the importance of proper cooking techniques to create a delicious dish."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, the most important events or actions include a person walking down a street, a car driving by, and a building with a tall tower. The person walking down the street is likely a pedestrian, while the car driving by is a vehicle on the road. The building with the tall tower is a notable landmark in the cityscape. These events capture the essence of urban life and the interaction between pedestrians, vehicles, and the built environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the man sitting in a chair and the dog jumping on him. The man is sitting in a chair, and the dog is jumping on him, possibly playfully. This interaction between the man and the dog suggests a close relationship between them, and it showcases the dog's energy and enthusiasm."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is riding a horse on a grassy hill. The most important events or actions captured in the video are the person riding the horse and the horse's movement. The rider is skillfully maneuvering the horse on the hill, showcasing their control and expertise in horse riding. The horse's movement, such as trotting or cantering, adds to the excitement and enjoyment of the scene. The video captures a moment of connection between the rider and the horse, highlighting the bond and trust between them."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is sitting on the ground, possibly in a park, and talking to a large vision-language assistant. The most important events or actions in the video include the person sitting on the ground, engaging in conversation with the large vision-language assistant, and the assistant's presence in the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is seen walking down a hallway, possibly in a building or a courtyard. They are also seen walking towards a doorway. The most important events or actions in the video are the person walking and approaching the doorway. This suggests that the person might be entering or exiting the building, or they could be moving towards a specific destination within the area."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the person walking through the grassy field, the person sitting on the ground, and the person standing in the grass. The person walking through the grassy field is likely exploring the area or engaging in outdoor activities. The person sitting on the ground might be taking a break, resting, or observing their surroundings. The person standing in the grass could be preparing to walk, resting, or simply enjoying the outdoor environment. These actions suggest that the person is engaged in a casual, leisurely activity in the grassy field."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a group of people is seen jumping into a body of water, likely a river or a lake. This event is the most important action captured in the video, as it showcases the group's excitement and enjoyment of the outdoor activity. The group is likely engaging in a fun and adventurous activity, such as swimming or playing in the water. The presence of the waterfall in the background adds to the scenic beauty of the location, making it an ideal spot for recreational activities and bonding with friends or family."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is sitting on the floor and playing a video game using a Wii remote. The most important events or actions in the video include the person holding the Wii remote and actively engaging with the game, as well as the person's body language and facial expressions, which may indicate their level of excitement or enjoyment. The video also shows the person sitting on the floor, which might suggest a casual or informal gaming environment, possibly in a living room or a similar setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, there are several important events and actions. A person is seen jumping into a pool, which is a notable action as it involves diving into the water. The person is also seen holding a cell phone, which could be used for various purposes, such as capturing the moment, taking a selfie, or communicating with others. Additionally, there are several people in the background, suggesting that this is a social gathering or event. The presence of the pool and the people in the background contribute to the overall atmosphere and enjoyment of the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, the most important events or actions include a person walking into a room, a person talking on a cell phone, and a person sitting on a couch. The person on the cell phone is likely engaged in a conversation, while the person walking into the room might be entering or leaving the room. The person sitting on the couch is likely relaxing or taking a break. These events capture different aspects of daily life, such as communication, movement, and leisure activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is seen walking along a beach, and a boat is also present in the scene. The most important events or actions in the video include the person walking along the beach, the boat in the background, and the overall beach setting. The person's presence on the beach and the boat's presence suggest that this could be a recreational activity or a leisurely outing, possibly involving water sports or simply enjoying the scenic beauty of the beach."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the person riding a motorcycle down a street, the motorcycle going around a corner, and the rider leaning into the turn. These actions demonstrate the rider's skill and control over the motorcycle as they navigate the street and make a sharp turn. The video also captures the rider's helmet, which is an essential safety gear for motorcycle riders."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a group of people is running on a track, with some of them wearing white outfits. The most important events or actions captured in the video include the runners lining up at the starting line, the runners preparing to start the race, and the runners crossing the finish line. These events showcase the athleticism and competitiveness of the participants, as well as their determination to complete the race successfully."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the man riding a sailboard or surfboard on a large body of water, and the sailboard being towed by a boat. The man is skillfully navigating the water and maintaining balance on the board, showcasing his ability to control the sailboard. The boat is towing the sailboard, providing the necessary power and speed for the man to ride on the water. This scene demonstrates the thrilling experience of sailboarding and the collaboration between the man and the boat to create an enjoyable and exhilarating activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are a man standing in front of a chalkboard, possibly teaching or explaining a math problem, and a man in a suit standing in front of a whiteboard. The man in the suit is likely presenting a business idea or concept, possibly related to finance or marketing. The presence of both chalkboards and whiteboards suggests that the video could be related to education or business, with the man in the suit possibly discussing a financial or marketing strategy."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is holding a piece of paper and using their fingers to write or draw on it. This action is important as it demonstrates the person's ability to communicate or express themselves through writing or drawing. The person is also using a pen, which further emphasizes the act of writing or drawing on the paper. The video does not provide any additional context or information about the content or purpose of the writing or drawing, but it showcases the person's ability to engage in a creative or informative activity using the paper and pen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a man is talking on a phone while sitting in a room. He is also wearing a funny hat and appears to be a cartoon character. The most important events or actions in the video are the man talking on the phone and the man wearing a funny hat. The cartoon character aspect adds a humorous and entertaining element to the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the horse galloping across the field and the rider sitting on its back. The rider is skillfully guiding the horse as it moves across the grassy field, showcasing their ability to control and communicate with the animal. This demonstrates a strong bond between the rider and the horse, as well as the rider's proficiency in horse riding."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are a man sitting on a bed playing a guitar and singing. He is holding the guitar and playing it while singing, which showcases his talent and passion for music. The man's focus on the guitar and his singing indicate that he is fully engaged in the activity and enjoying the experience. This scene captures a moment of relaxation and creativity for the individual, as he shares his talent with the audience."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is shown in a hotel room, sitting on a bed and talking to a large vision-language assistant. The most important events or actions in the video include the person sitting on the bed, engaging in a conversation with the large vision-language assistant, and the assistant providing assistance or responding to the person's questions. The presence of the large vision-language assistant in the room suggests that the person is using it for various tasks, such as asking for directions, making reservations, or getting information about the hotel."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a man is preparing a meal using a bowl and a spoon. He is pouring a liquid into the bowl, which could be a sauce or a liquid ingredient for the dish he is preparing. The man is also using a spoon to mix the contents of the bowl, ensuring that the ingredients are well combined. This demonstrates the importance of proper mixing and incorporation of ingredients in the cooking process to achieve a well-balanced and flavorful dish."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a dog is lying on the floor, possibly in a kitchen. The dog is pregnant and appears to be in the process of giving birth. This is an important event as it shows the dog going through the natural process of reproduction and the birth of its puppies. The dog's actions and the surrounding environment, such as the kitchen setting, provide insight into the dog's daily life and the role it plays in the household."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a white cat is sitting on a bed and looking at a camera. The most important events or actions in the video include the cat sitting on the bed and looking at the camera, which indicates that the cat is aware of its surroundings and possibly seeking attention or interaction. The cat's gaze towards the camera suggests that it is curious or interested in the camera's presence, and it might be expecting something from the person operating the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a man is walking through a grassy field while holding a camera. He is also wearing a backpack. The most important events or actions in the video include the man walking through the field with his camera, the camera being held by the man, and the backpack he is wearing. These details provide context for the man's purpose and the equipment he is using during his outdoor adventure."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a group of men dressed in uniforms, possibly military or a marching band, are playing musical instruments and marching in a field. The most important events or actions in the video include the group of men playing their instruments, such as trumpets and drums, and marching in unison. This suggests that they are either performing a military ceremony or a musical performance, showcasing their skills and coordination as a team. The presence of a field and the uniforms indicate that this event is likely taking place in an outdoor setting, possibly during a parade or a special occasion."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are a person walking down the street, a car driving down the road, and a person riding a bicycle. These events capture the essence of a typical day in a city, with people engaging in various modes of transportation and navigating the streets. The presence of a person walking down the street suggests that pedestrians are also part of the urban landscape, while the car and bicycle indicate the use of different forms of transportation. The video captures a snapshot of everyday life in a city, showcasing the interactions between people, vehicles, and the urban environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is pouring sauce into a pot on the stove. The most important events or actions in the video include the person pouring the sauce into the pot, the pot being placed on the stove, and the person using a spoon to stir the sauce. These actions are essential for preparing the sauce and ensuring that it cooks evenly and reaches the desired consistency."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, the most important events or actions include an older woman sitting in a chair, wearing glasses, and talking to the camera. She is also seen looking at the camera and smiling. The woman is engaged in a conversation with the camera, possibly discussing her life or sharing a story. Her smile and the way she looks at the camera suggest that she is comfortable and enjoying the interaction. This video captures a moment of connection between the woman and the viewer, showcasing her personality and the importance of human connections in our lives."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is seen swimming in the ocean, and a shark is also present in the water. The person is swimming towards the camera, and the shark is swimming towards the person. This creates a dynamic and exciting scene, as the person and the shark are in close proximity to each other. The person appears to be enjoying their time in the water, while the shark is simply swimming in its natural habitat. This encounter between the person and the shark highlights the beauty and diversity of marine life and the thrill of witnessing such encounters in the wild."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a group of people is riding horses in a field. They are wearing cowboy hats and holding ropes, which suggests that they might be participating in a horseback riding activity or a rodeo event. The riders are also seen engaging in various actions, such as reining in their horses, riding in a line, and possibly participating in a race. The video captures the excitement and camaraderie of the group as they enjoy their time together and showcase their horsemanship skills."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, two men are working together in a bakery, preparing dough for making pastries. They are kneading the dough on a wooden table, which is an essential step in the process of making bread or pastries. This action helps to develop the gluten in the dough, making it more elastic and pliable, allowing it to trap air bubbles and form the desired texture and shape. The men are also using a rolling pin to shape the dough into the desired form, which is a crucial step in the production of pastries. The video highlights the manual work and teamwork involved in creating delicious baked goods in a bakery."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the man talking to the camera, the man holding a cell phone, and the man showing the camera his hand. These events are significant because they provide context and information about the man's actions and intentions. The man talking to the camera could be sharing his thoughts, experiences, or opinions, while the man holding the cell phone might be using it for communication, capturing a moment, or showing something to the camera. The man showing his hand could be demonstrating a specific action or gesture, or simply engaging in a casual conversation with the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a man is playing a game of frisbee in a field. He is holding a frisbee in his hand and appears to be throwing it. This is an important event as it demonstrates the man's engagement in an outdoor activity and his skill in playing with a frisbee. The video also captures the man's enjoyment and focus on the game, which adds to the overall appeal of the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a woman is sitting in front of a laptop and talking to someone on a video call. She is actively engaged in the conversation, and the most important event is her interaction with the person on the other end of the call. The woman is likely discussing various topics, sharing information, or having a casual conversation. The video call serves as a means of communication and connection between the two individuals, highlighting the importance of face-to-face interactions in today's digital age."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the group of people dancing together in a room. They are engaged in a group dance session, which involves various individuals moving and grooving to the music. This suggests that the video might be a social event or a gathering where people come together to enjoy themselves and have fun through dancing. The group's synchronized movements and the overall atmosphere of the scene emphasize the importance of social interaction and shared experiences in such settings."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a man is riding a horse in a large arena, and there are several people watching the event. The most important actions in the video include the man riding the horse, the horse moving around the arena, and the spectators observing the horse riding. The man's skill in controlling the horse and the horse's movement are the main focus of the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a large group of people is walking down a street, and they are also performing a dance. The most important events or actions in the video include the group of people walking down the street, the dance they are performing, and the overall atmosphere of the scene. The video captures a moment of unity and shared experience among the group, as they move together and express themselves through the dance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are a man performing a workout using a barbell and a weightlifting bar, and a woman lifting a barbell. The man is standing in front of a weight rack, holding a barbell, and appears to be engaging in a workout. The woman is also lifting a barbell, which suggests that she is also participating in a weightlifting session. These actions demonstrate the use of strength training equipment and the importance of physical fitness in their daily routines."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a woman is seen sitting on a couch and playing a video game using a Wii remote. She is actively engaged in the game, holding the remote and possibly interacting with the game using physical gestures. This suggests that the video game is likely a motion-based game, which requires the player to move the remote to control the on-screen actions. The woman's focus on the game and her active participation in the gameplay demonstrate the entertainment value and immersive experience that video games can provide."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a man is sitting in a boat on a lake, and he is talking to someone who is not visible in the frame. The most important events or actions in the video are the man sitting in the boat and engaging in conversation with someone off-camera. This suggests that the man is enjoying a leisurely activity, such as fishing or simply spending time on the water, while having a conversation with someone who is not present in the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a woman is standing in a field and holding a hula hoop. She is wearing a green shirt and appears to be enjoying herself. The most important event or action in the video is the woman holding the hula hoop and engaging in a fun activity outdoors."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, two men are wrestling on a mat in a gym. One man is on top of the other, and they are grappling with each other. This suggests that they are engaged in a wrestling match or a practice session. The presence of a mat indicates that the wrestling is taking place in a designated wrestling area, such as a gym or a wrestling ring. The men are actively trying to gain control over each other, which is a common aspect of wrestling. This event showcases physical strength, agility, and the competitive nature of the sport."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video include a person walking into the room, a group of people playing basketball, and a person sitting on a chair. The person walking into the room could be a newcomer or someone who is leaving the room. The group of people playing basketball is engaged in an active and social activity, which is a common sight in sports facilities. The person sitting on a chair is likely taking a break or waiting for their turn to join the basketball game. These events capture the essence of a typical sports facility or recreational area where people gather to socialize, engage in physical activities, and enjoy their leisure time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is seen placing a cake on a table. The most important event or action in the video is the person carefully placing the cake on the table, ensuring that it is placed correctly and evenly. This demonstrates the person's attention to detail and care in preparing the cake for serving or presentation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a man is walking down the street with his dog on a leash. The most important event or action in the video is the man walking his dog on a leash, which indicates that he is responsible for the well-being and safety of his pet. The dog is also on a leash, ensuring that it remains close to the man and under control during their walk. This scene highlights the importance of responsible pet ownership and the bond between the owner and their pet."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a woman is performing a dance routine in a boxing gym. She is wearing a yellow shirt and black pants, and she is accompanied by a man who is watching her. The woman is jumping and moving her arms, showcasing her dance skills and coordination in the gym setting. This scene highlights the versatility of the boxing gym as a space for various activities, including dance performances, and the woman's ability to adapt to different environments while maintaining her passion for dance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, the most important events or actions include a man looking at the camera, making a face, and possibly winking. The man's facial expression and gesture suggest that he is engaging with the viewer, possibly trying to convey a message or express his emotions. The man's gaze and interaction with the camera contribute to the overall dynamic and engaging nature of the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the man talking to the camera, the man sitting down, and the man standing up. These actions occur in a sequence, with the man sitting down, then standing up, and finally talking to the camera. The video captures the man's movements and interactions with the camera, providing a glimpse into his actions and behavior."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a woman is playing a game on a Nintendo Wii console, holding a Wii remote in her hand. A man is also present in the scene, possibly her opponent or a friend. The most important events or actions in the video include the woman actively engaging in the game, holding the Wii remote, and possibly interacting with the man. The gameplay and the interaction between the two individuals highlight the social aspect of the Nintendo Wii console, which encourages group participation and friendly competition."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the person cutting a large piece of food with a knife, the person using a spoon to scoop food into their mouth, and the person using a spoon to eat the food. These actions demonstrate the process of consuming food, which is a fundamental aspect of human behavior and daily life. The person's actions in the video can be seen as a representation of the act of eating, which is essential for maintaining energy levels and nourishing the body."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a woman is sitting on a bed and talking to someone on a video call. She is also holding a cell phone in her hand. The most important events or actions in the video are the woman sitting on the bed and engaging in a video call, as well as her holding the cell phone. These actions provide context and information about the setting and the woman's activity during the call."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is sitting in front of a computer, and the screen displays a video of a cat. The person is likely engaged in a video call or a video chat session with someone, as they are watching the cat video. The most important event in the video is the person's interaction with the cat video, which suggests that they are enjoying the content and possibly sharing their experience with the person they are communicating with."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, the most important events or actions include a person cutting vegetables on a cutting board, a person using a knife to cut vegetables, and a person using a spoon to stir something in a pot. These actions suggest that the person is preparing a meal, possibly in a kitchen setting. The presence of a cutting board and a knife indicates that the person is using these tools to chop or slice ingredients, while the spoon implies that they are also using it to stir or mix the ingredients in the pot. The video captures these essential steps in the cooking process, showcasing the person's skill and technique in preparing a meal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is using a cell phone to take a picture of a dining table. The table has a cup, a bowl, and a spoon on it. The person is likely capturing the scene to share it with others, document the arrangement of the table, or to use it as a reference for cleaning or organizing the space. The most important event in the video is the person using the cell phone to take the photo, as it highlights the act of capturing the dining table's contents."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is seen sitting at a table, possibly in a kitchen, and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer. The most important events or actions in the video include the person engaging with the computer, possibly asking for assistance or information, and the computer responding with text or audio. The interaction between the person and the computer highlights the potential use of such technology for various tasks, such as communication, problem-solving, or accessing information."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is using a dishwasher to wash dishes. The most important events or actions in the video include the person placing the dishes inside the dishwasher, the dishwasher door being closed, and the person opening the dishwasher door to check the progress of the washing process. These actions demonstrate the process of cleaning dishes using a dishwasher, which is a common household chore."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is seen cutting a piece of food with a knife and placing it on a plate. This action is the most important event in the video, as it demonstrates the person's ability to prepare and serve food. The person is also seen using a spoon, which might be used for scooping or stirring the food. The presence of a cup in the scene suggests that the person might be drinking or preparing a beverage. Overall, the video captures a simple yet essential act of food preparation and consumption."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, there are several important events and actions that take place. A person is seen opening a refrigerator, taking out a bottle, and placing it on a counter. They then pour a drink into a glass. Additionally, there is a cup on the counter, and a bottle is placed on the counter as well. These actions suggest that the person is preparing to enjoy a beverage, likely from the bottle they took out of the refrigerator. The presence of multiple items on the counter indicates that the person might be in the process of organizing or preparing for a meal or gathering."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, the most important events or actions include a person cutting vegetables on a cutting board, and the person using a knife to cut the vegetables. The person is also seen placing the vegetables on a plate, which suggests that they are preparing a meal or dish. The presence of a cutting board and a knife indicates that the person is engaged in a cooking or food preparation activity, which is a common and essential task in many households and culinary settings."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is cooking a meal on a stove, stirring the contents of a pot with a spoon. The most important events or actions in the video include the person preparing the meal, stirring the pot, and using the spoon to interact with the food. These actions demonstrate the cooking process and the person's involvement in the preparation of the meal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the person washing their hands in the sink and the dishwasher being loaded with dishes. The person is using soap to clean their hands, which is an essential hygiene practice. The dishwasher is being loaded with dishes, which indicates that the person is preparing to clean and sanitize the dishes. This demonstrates the importance of maintaining cleanliness and hygiene in the kitchen to ensure food safety and prevent the spread of germs."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is using a computer and a cell phone simultaneously. They are sitting at a table with a laptop and a cell phone placed next to each other. The person is likely multitasking, possibly working on multiple tasks or projects, communicating with others, or browsing the internet. The presence of both devices indicates that the person is engaged in various activities that require the use of both devices, such as managing personal and professional tasks, staying connected with friends and colleagues, or accessing different types of information."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the preparation of food, specifically the cooking of a cake, and the use of a microwave to heat the cake. The person is seen placing the cake in the microwave and then removing it after it has been heated. This demonstrates the process of cooking a cake using a microwave oven, which is a common method for quickly and evenly heating food items."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, the most important events or actions include a person opening a refrigerator, taking out a bottle, and pouring a drink from the bottle. The person is also seen sitting at a table with a cup, which suggests that they might be preparing to drink the beverage. The refrigerator is a crucial element in the process, as it stores the bottle and other beverages, making it accessible for the person to consume their chosen drink."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, the most important events or actions include a person preparing food in a kitchen, using various kitchen utensils such as knives, spoons, and a spatula. The person is also seen cutting up food and placing it on a plate. These actions demonstrate the person's cooking skills and the use of kitchen tools to prepare and serve a meal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is using a cutting board to prepare food. They are cutting vegetables on the cutting board, which is placed on a counter. The most important events or actions in the video are the person cutting vegetables on the cutting board and the presence of the cutting board on the counter."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the person cutting vegetables on a cutting board and placing them on a plate. The person is also seen using a knife to cut the vegetables, which is an essential step in preparing the dish. The video captures the process of food preparation, showcasing the person's skill and attention to detail in cutting and arranging the vegetables on the plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, a person is using a blender to mix ingredients, likely preparing a smoothie or a drink. The most important events or actions captured in the video include the person opening the blender, pouring ingredients into the blender, and then closing the blender lid. The person is likely in the process of blending the ingredients together to create a smoothie or a drink."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the person opening a cupboard, taking out a bottle, and then pouring a drink from the bottle. The person is also seen placing the bottle back in the cupboard. These actions demonstrate the process of preparing and consuming a beverage, which is a common and essential activity in daily life."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the person preparing a cup of coffee, using a coffee maker, and placing the cup on a counter. The person is also seen opening a cupboard and possibly retrieving an item. These actions demonstrate the process of making a cup of coffee and organizing the kitchen area."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The most important events or actions in the video are the person opening the oven and taking out the food. The person is using a spatula to remove the food from the oven. This demonstrates the process of cooking and the use of kitchen utensils to handle the food safely and efficiently. The video also shows the oven door being opened, which is a crucial step in the cooking process, as it allows heat to escape and the food to cook evenly."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""In the video, there are several important events or actions that take place. First, a person is seen opening a microwave oven and placing food inside it. This action is crucial as it shows the person preparing a meal or heating food using the microwave. Second, a person is seen placing a cup on a counter, which could be used for drinking or holding other items. Lastly, there is a brief moment where a person is seen in the kitchen, possibly preparing or cleaning up after the meal. These events highlight the various activities that take place in a kitchen, such as cooking, heating food, and placing items on the counter."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""In the video, there are several key moments that occur in a specific order. First, the user is shown holding a sandwich, which is placed on a plate. Second, the user is seen sitting at a table, possibly in a restaurant. Third, the user is talking to someone, possibly a friend or a family member, and they are discussing the sandwich. Lastly, the user is seen eating the sandwich, which is placed on a plate. These moments capture the process of preparing, sharing, and enjoying a meal with others."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The man is sitting in a chair, wearing a hat.
2. The man is talking to someone, possibly a woman, in a room.
3. The man is sitting in a chair, and a dog is present in the room.
4. The man is sitting in a chair, and a cat is present in the room.
5. The man is sitting in a chair, and a person is present in the room.

"These moments capture various interactions and elements in the room, including the man, the dog, the cat, and the person, providing a snapshot of the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A person is seen holding a cell phone and talking into it.
2. The person is sitting in a chair.
3. The person is seen holding a cell phone and talking into it.
4. The person is sitting in a chair.
5. The person is seen holding a cell phone and talking into it.
6. The person is sitting in a chair.
7. The person is seen holding a cell phone and talking into it.
8. The person is sitting in a chair.
9. The person is seen holding a cell phone and talking into it.
10. The person is sitting in a chair.

"These moments capture the person using their cell phone and engaging in conversation, with the focus on the person sitting in the chair."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user is sitting in a chair, and the video shows their face.
2. The user starts talking to the camera.
3. The user is seen talking to the camera, and the video shows their face.
4. The user is seen talking to the camera, and the video shows their face.
5. The user is seen talking to the camera, and the video shows their face.

"These moments capture the user's interactions with the camera and provide a glimpse into their conversation or discussion."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are as follows:"

1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's face.
2. The person is then seen sitting on a couch, with a bottle of wine in front of them.
3. The person starts talking about their day, and they are seen sitting on the couch.
4. The person then talks about their day, and the bottle of wine is visible in the scene.
5. The person is seen sitting on the couch, talking about their day, and the bottle of wine is still present.

"These moments capture the essence of the video, providing a glimpse into the person's daily life and their thoughts about their day."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A person is seen walking down a street, possibly in a city.
2. A man is seen walking down a sidewalk, possibly in a city.
3. A group of people is seen walking down a street, possibly in a city.
4. A man is seen walking down a sidewalk, possibly in a city.
5. A person is seen walking down a street, possibly in a city.
6. A man is seen walking down a sidewalk, possibly in a city.

"These moments capture various individuals walking down streets and sidewalks, suggesting that the video could be set in an urban environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

"1. The user starts the video by saying, """"I'm going to talk about a girl."""""
2. The user then shows a picture of a girl on their phone.
"3. The user says, """"I'm going to talk about a girl, and I'm going to show you a picture of her."""""
4. The user shows the picture of the girl on their phone.
"5. The user says, """"I'm going to talk about a girl, and I'm going to show you a picture of her."""""
6. The user shows the picture of the girl on their phone.
"7. The user says, """"I'm going to talk about a girl, and I'm going to show you a picture of her."""""
8. The user shows the picture of the girl on their phone.
"9. The user says, """"I'm going to talk about a girl, and I'm going to show you a picture of her."""""
10. The user shows the picture of the girl on their phone.

"These moments capture the user's intent to discuss a girl and share a picture of her with the viewer."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A person is seen walking down a street, possibly in a city.
2. A close-up of a person's face is shown, possibly the same person as in the first moment.
3. A person is seen walking down a street, possibly in a city.
4. A close-up of a person's face is shown, possibly the same person as in the first moment.
5. A person is seen walking down a street, possibly in a city.
6. A close-up of a person's face is shown, possibly the same person as in the first moment.

"These moments are repeated throughout the video, with the person walking down the street and the close-up of their face, creating a sense of repetition and emphasizing the individual's presence in the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A person, possibly a man, is seen sitting in a car.
2. The person is talking to someone, possibly a woman, who is not visible in the video.
3. The person is sitting in the car and talking on a cell phone.
4. The person is sitting in the car and looking at the camera.
"5. The person is sitting in the car and talking to someone, possibly a woman, who is not visible in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user is sitting in front of a laptop, and the video chat window is open.
2. The user starts to talk, and the video chat window displays the user's words.
3. The user's words are translated into text by the video-chat assistant.
4. The video-chat assistant responds to the user's input, providing a response in natural language.

"These moments capture the essence of the video-chat interaction, showcasing the user's input, the assistant's response, and the visual representation of the conversation on the screen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are as follows:"

1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's face.
2. The person is then seen sitting in a chair, possibly in a room with a wall.
3. The person is talking to someone, possibly a friend or a family member, and they are sitting in a room with a wall.
4. The person is seen sitting in a chair and talking to someone, possibly a friend or a family member, in a room with a wall.
5. The person is sitting in a chair and talking to someone, possibly a friend or a family member, in a room with a wall.

"These moments capture the essence of the video, which primarily focuses on the person's conversation with another individual in a room with a wall."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

"1. The user starts the video by saying """"I'm going to show you something."""""
2. The user then shows a picture of a person on a phone.
3. The user then shows a picture of a car.
4. The user then shows a picture of a person sitting in a car.
5. The user then shows a picture of a person sitting in a chair.
6. The user then shows a picture of a person sitting in a chair.
7. The user then shows a picture of a person sitting in a chair.
8. The user then shows a picture of a person sitting in a chair.
9. The user then shows a picture of a person sitting in a chair.
10. The user then shows a picture of a person sitting in a chair.

"These images are displayed in quick succession, with the user providing descriptions of each image as they appear on the screen."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are:"

1. A person sitting on a chair in a room.
2. The person talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program.
3. The large vision-language assistant responding to the person's input.
4. The person sitting on the chair and interacting with the computer program.
5. The person talking to the large vision-language assistant.

"These moments capture the essence of the video, which shows a person engaging with a computer program designed to understand and respond to natural language input."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user starts a video call with Video-ChatGPT.
2. The user asks for help with a task.
3. Video-ChatGPT responds by providing a detailed explanation of the task.
4. The user watches the video and listens to the explanation.
5. The user asks for clarification on a specific point of the task.
6. Video-ChatGPT provides additional information to help the user understand the task better.
"7. The user thanks Video-ChatGPT for the assistance and ends the call."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The person is sitting at a table with a plate of food in front of them.
2. The person is talking to someone, possibly a friend or a family member, while eating.
3. The person is seen eating a sandwich, with the camera capturing the close-up of the sandwich.
4. The person is seen eating a sandwich, with the camera capturing the close-up of the sandwich.
5. The person is seen eating a sandwich, with the camera capturing the close-up of the sandwich.
6. The person is seen eating a sandwich, with the camera capturing the close-up of the sandwich.

"These moments capture the person's mealtime experience, including the food they are eating and the conversation they are having with someone else."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a tree, showcasing its bark and texture."
2. The camera then zooms out to reveal a tree with a large burl, which is a natural growth on the tree's trunk.
3. The camera then zooms out further to show the entire tree, including its branches and leaves.
"4. The video ends with the camera panning out to show the surrounding area, including the tree and the surrounding environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user starts the video call.
2. The user talks about a specific topic, which is not clearly visible in the image.
3. The user asks a question, and the vision-language assistant responds with a text message.
4. The user receives the text message and reads it.
"5. The user closes the video call."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A person is sitting in a room, possibly in front of a camera.
2. The person is talking to someone, possibly a friend, and they are discussing a video.
3. The person is watching a video, which is a part of the conversation.
4. The person is sitting in a room, possibly in front of a camera, and they are talking to someone.
5. The person is watching a video, which is a part of the conversation.

"These moments provide context for the video, highlighting the interaction between the person and the other person, as well as the content being discussed, which is a video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A person is seen talking on a cell phone, possibly discussing a matter with someone else.
2. The person is then seen sitting down, looking at the camera, and talking to the person on the phone.
3. The person is seen sitting on a couch, talking on the phone, and looking at the camera.
4. The person is seen sitting on a couch, talking on the phone, and looking at the camera.
5. The person is seen sitting on a couch, talking on the phone, and looking at the camera.
6. The person is seen sitting on a couch, talking on the phone, and looking at the camera.
7. The person is seen sitting on a couch, talking on the phone, and looking at the camera.
8. The person is seen sitting on a couch, talking on the phone, and looking at the camera.
9. The person is seen sitting on a couch, talking on the phone, and looking at the camera.
10. The person is seen sitting on a couch, talking on the phone, and looking at the camera.

"These moments capture the person's interactions with the cell phone and the camera, highlighting their engagement with the phone conversation and their gaze towards the camera."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are:"

1. The man is sitting in a chair, holding a phone and talking to someone.
2. The man is holding the phone to his ear, likely engaged in a conversation.
3. The man is sitting in a chair, holding a phone, and looking at the camera.
4. The man is sitting in a chair, holding a phone, and looking at the camera.
5. The man is sitting in a chair, holding a phone, and looking at the camera.

"These moments capture the man's interaction with the phone and the camera, showcasing his engagement with the device and the environment."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video include the airplane taking off from the runway, the airplane landing on the runway, and the airplane taxiing on the runway. These events occur in a row, with the airplane transitioning from one phase to another. The video captures the entire process of the airplane's movement on the runway, showcasing the aircraft's ability to take off and land safely."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur as follows:"

1. The video begins with a person standing in front of a camera, possibly in a forest.
2. The person then walks away from the camera, leaving the forest in the background.
3. The camera then shows a view of a mountain, with the person standing in front of it.
4. The person then walks away from the camera, leaving the mountain in the background.
5. The camera shows a view of a lake, with the person standing in front of it.
6. The person then walks away from the camera, leaving the lake in the background.

"These moments capture the progression of the person's journey through the natural landscape, showcasing the beauty of the forest, mountain, and lake."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The video begins with a close-up of a tree branch with leaves, focusing on the tree itself.
2. The camera then zooms out to show the tree in its entirety, revealing the tree trunk and the surrounding environment.
3. The camera then zooms in on a specific part of the tree, focusing on the leaves and the tree's texture.
4. The camera zooms out again to show the tree in its entirety, including the tree trunk and the surrounding area.
"5. The video ends with a close-up of the tree branch with leaves, capturing the tree's details and texture."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user is sitting in front of a camera, possibly in a dark room, and is talking to someone.
2. The user is talking to someone, and the camera is focused on the user's face.
3. The user is sitting in front of a camera, and the camera is focused on the user's face.
4. The user is talking to someone, and the camera is focused on the user's face.
5. The user is sitting in front of a camera, and the camera is focused on the user's face.

"These moments capture the user's interactions with the camera and their surroundings, providing a glimpse into their conversation or activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are:"

1. The person is sitting in a car, possibly in a parking lot, and is looking at the camera.
2. The person is talking to someone, possibly a friend, and is pointing at something.
3. The person is sitting in the car and looking at the camera again.
4. The person is talking to someone and is pointing at something else.
5. The person is sitting in the car and looking at the camera for a third time.

"These moments capture the essence of the video, which appears to be a conversation or discussion between the person and someone else, with the person pointing at various objects or locations during the conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a person talking.
2. The person then moves to the side, and the camera follows them as they walk away.
3. The camera then zooms out, showing the person walking on a dirt road.
4. The person continues walking, and the camera follows them, capturing their movements.
5. The person stops, and the camera captures their surroundings.
6. The person turns around, and the camera captures their back.
7. The person walks away, and the camera follows them.
8. The person stops, and the camera captures their surroundings.
9. The person turns around, and the camera captures their back.
10. The person walks away, and the camera follows them.
11. The person stops, and the camera captures their surroundings.
12. The person turns around, and the camera captures their back.
13. The person walks away, and the camera follows them.
14. The person stops, and the camera captures their surroundings.
15. The person turns around, and the camera captures their back.
16. The person walks away, and the camera follows them.
17. The person stops, and the camera captures their surroundings.
18. The person turns around, and the camera captures their back.
19. The person walks away, and the camera follows them.
20. The person stops, and the camera captures their surroundings.
21. The person turns around, and the camera captures their back.
22. The person walks away, and the camera follows them.
23. The person stops, and the camera captures their surroundings.
24. The person turns around, and the camera captures their back.
25. The person walks away, and the camera follows them.
26. The person stops, and the camera captures their surroundings.
27. The person turns around, and the camera captures their back.
28. The person walks away, and the camera follows them.
29. The person stops, and the camera captures their surroundings.
30. The person turns around, and the camera captures their back.
31. The person walks away, and the camera follows them.
32. The person stops, and the camera captures their surroundings.
33. The person turns around, and the camera captures their back.
34. The person walks away, and the camera follows them.
35. The person stops, and the camera captures their surroundings.
36. The person turns around, and the camera captures their back.
37. The person walks away, and the camera follows them.
38. The person stops, and the camera captures their surroundings.
39. The person turns around, and the camera captures their back.
40. The person walks away, and the camera follows them.
41. The person stops, and the camera captures their surroundings.
42. The person turns around, and the camera captures their back.
43. The person walks away, and the camera follows them.
44. The person stops, and the camera captures their surroundings.
45. The person turns around, and the camera captures their back.
46. The person walks away, and the camera follows them.
47. The person stops, and the camera captures their surroundings.
48. The person turns around, and the camera captures their back.
49. The person walks away, and the camera follows them.
50. The person stops, and the camera captures their surroundings.
51. The person turns around, and the camera captures their back.
52. The person walks away, and the camera follows them.
53. The person stops, and the camera captures their surroundings.
54. The person turns around, and the camera captures their back.
55. The person walks away, and the camera follows them.
56. The person stops, and the camera captures their surroundings.
57. The person turns around, and the camera captures their back.
58. The person walks away, and the camera follows them.
59. The person stops, and the camera captures their surroundings.
"60. The person turns around"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A person is seen driving a car, and the car is stopped at a red light.
2. A man is seen walking down the street, and the car is driving past him.
3. The car is stopped at a red light, and the man is walking down the street.
4. The car is driving past the man, and the man is walking down the street.
5. The car is stopped at a red light, and the man is walking down the street.

"These moments capture the interactions between the car and the pedestrian, highlighting the importance of road safety and the need for both drivers and pedestrians to be aware of their surroundings."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are as follows:"

1. The chef is preparing food on a cutting board, using a knife to cut vegetables.
2. The chef is cutting vegetables on a cutting board, with a knife in hand.
3. The chef is cutting vegetables on a cutting board, with a knife in hand.
4. The chef is cutting vegetables on a cutting board, with a knife in hand.
5. The chef is cutting vegetables on a cutting board, with a knife in hand.
6. The chef is cutting vegetables on a cutting board, with a knife in hand.
7. The chef is cutting vegetables on a cutting board, with a knife in hand.
8. The chef is cutting vegetables on a cutting board, with a knife in hand.
9. The chef is cutting vegetables on a cutting board, with a knife in hand.
10. The chef is cutting vegetables on a cutting board, with a knife in hand.

"These moments capture the chef's actions of cutting vegetables on a cutting board, using a knife to prepare the food."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video shows a man talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The key moments in the video are as follows:"

1. The man starts by talking to the computer program, which is a large vision-language assistant.
2. The large vision-language assistant responds to the man's input, providing a response in natural language.
3. The man continues to interact with the computer program, asking it questions and receiving answers.
4. The man and the large vision-language assistant engage in a conversation, with the man asking questions and receiving responses from the computer program.

"These moments capture the essence of the interaction between the man and the large vision-language assistant, showcasing the capabilities of the computer program in understanding and responding to natural language input."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are as follows:"

1. A person is sitting in a chair, and the camera is focused on their face.
2. The person starts talking, and the camera captures their words.
3. The person is seen sitting in a chair, and the camera captures their image.
4. The person is seen sitting in a chair, and the camera captures their image.
5. The person is seen sitting in a chair, and the camera captures their image.

"These moments provide a glimpse into the video content, but the order in which they occur is not explicitly stated."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A person is seen walking down a hill, possibly in a park or a field.
2. The person is captured in a close-up shot, looking at the camera.
3. The person is walking down a hill, and the camera captures a view of the hillside.
4. The person is walking down the hill, and the camera captures a view of the hillside.
5. The person is captured in a close-up shot, looking at the camera.

"These moments provide a glimpse of the person's surroundings and their movement through the landscape."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A person is sitting in a yard, possibly on a bench or a chair.
2. The person is talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program.
3. The person is asking the large vision-language assistant to help them with a task.
4. The large vision-language assistant is providing assistance to the person.
5. The person is sitting in the yard, likely still engaged in a conversation with the large vision-language assistant.

"These moments capture the interaction between the person and the large vision-language assistant, highlighting the potential use of such technology for communication and problem-solving."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user starts a video call with Video-ChatGPT.
2. The user asks Video-ChatGPT to help them with a task.
3. Video-ChatGPT responds by explaining the task and providing instructions.
4. The user watches the video, likely following the instructions provided by Video-ChatGPT.
"5. The video ends, and the user may have completed the task or is waiting for the next instruction."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's face.
2. The person then turns their head to the side, possibly to look at something or someone.
3. The camera then zooms out to show the person sitting in a grassy area.
4. The person is sitting in the grass, and the camera captures the surrounding environment.
5. The person then turns their head back to the side, possibly to look at something or someone else.

"These moments capture the person's movements and interactions with their surroundings, providing a glimpse into their environment and activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A group of people is seen jumping into a body of water, possibly a lake or a river.
2. A man is seen climbing a rock wall, possibly to reach the water or to get a better view of the surrounding area.
3. A woman is seen jumping into the water, possibly after the man who climbed the rock wall.
4. The group of people is seen swimming in the water, enjoying their time together.

"These moments capture the essence of the video, showcasing the group of people engaging in various water-related activities and having fun together."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user starts a video call with Video-ChatGPT.
2. The user provides a visual of a dog.
3. The user asks Video-ChatGPT to describe the dog.
4. Video-ChatGPT responds by describing the dog as a small, brown, and white dog.
5. The user asks Video-ChatGPT to describe the dog's breed.
6. Video-ChatGPT responds by saying that the dog is a small breed.
7. The user asks for more information about the dog's breed.
8. Video-ChatGPT provides additional details about the dog's breed, but the user is not satisfied with the response.
"9. The user ends the call with Video-ChatGPT."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A person is seen riding a mechanical bull, which is a popular amusement ride.
2. The bull is stopped, and the rider is dismounting.
3. A person is seen sitting on a mechanical bull, possibly getting ready to ride it.
4. The bull is stopped, and the rider is dismounting.
5. A person is seen sitting on a mechanical bull, possibly getting ready to ride it.
6. The bull is stopped, and the rider is dismounting.

"These moments showcase the mechanical bull as an entertaining attraction, with people enjoying the ride and dismounting from it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user starts the video chat with Video-ChatGPT.
2. The user provides a description of the image, which shows a close-up of a plant with a lot of leaves.
3. Video-ChatGPT responds to the user's description, providing a brief explanation of the plant's characteristics.
4. The user asks for more information about the plant, and Video-ChatGPT provides additional details about the plant's features and its possible uses.
"5. The user expresses their satisfaction with the information provided by Video-ChatGPT."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A person is seen walking on the beach, and the camera captures the view of the beach.
2. The person is seen walking towards the camera, and the camera captures the view of the beach.
3. The person is seen walking on the beach, and the camera captures the view of the beach.
4. The person is seen walking towards the camera, and the camera captures the view of the beach.
5. The person is seen walking on the beach, and the camera captures the view of the beach.

"These moments showcase the beach environment and the person's movement along the shoreline."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a person holding a cell phone, likely the user."
2. The person then shows the cell phone screen to the camera, displaying a video of a person riding a motorcycle.
3. The person on the motorcycle is captured in motion, likely performing a stunt or navigating a challenging course.
"4. The video ends with the person on the motorcycle riding down a street."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are:"

1. A group of people, including a man in a suit, standing on a track with a white line.
2. A man in a suit talking to the group of people.
3. The group of people standing on the track, possibly preparing for a race or a competition.
4. The man in a suit talking to the group of people, possibly giving instructions or discussing the competition.


"These moments capture the essence of the video, highlighting the interaction between the man in the suit and the group of people on the track."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are:"

1. The man is on a sailboat, holding onto the sail, and the boat is in the middle of the ocean.
2. The man is seen standing on the sailboat, holding onto the sail, and the boat is sailing through the water.
3. The man is seen standing on the sailboat, holding onto the sail, and the boat is sailing through the water.
4. The man is seen standing on the sailboat, holding onto the sail, and the boat is sailing through the water.
5. The man is seen standing on the sailboat, holding onto the sail, and the boat is sailing through the water.

"These moments capture the man's experience on the sailboat, showcasing his interaction with the sail and the ocean environment."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A man is standing in front of a chalkboard, possibly in a classroom, and he is drawing a square on the board.
2. The man turns his back to the camera while drawing the square.
3. The man turns back to the camera and points to the square he has drawn on the board.
4. The man is standing in front of a chalkboard and pointing at the square, which is a part of a larger figure.
"5. The man is standing in front of a chalkboard and pointing at the square, which is a part of a larger figure."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are:"

1. A person is holding a piece of paper and placing it on a table.
2. The person is writing on the paper with a pen.
3. The person is then folding the paper, possibly to create a note.
4. The person is then holding the folded paper and showing it to the camera.

"These moments capture the process of creating a note or a piece of paper, which could be used for various purposes such as writing a message, taking notes, or creating a reminder."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A man in a green shirt is talking on a phone.
2. A toy doll, possibly a stuffed animal, is sitting on a table in front of the man.
3. The man is talking on the phone while the toy doll is sitting on the table.
4. The man is talking on the phone while the toy doll is sitting on the table.
"5. The man is talking on the phone while the toy doll is sitting on the table."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are:"

1. A person riding a horse in a field.
2. The person dismounting the horse.
3. The person walking away from the horse.
4. The horse standing in the field.

"These moments capture the essence of the scene, showcasing the interaction between the rider and the horse, as well as the horse's presence in the field."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are as follows:"

1. A man sitting on a bed, holding a guitar.
2. The man playing the guitar, possibly strumming it.
3. The man singing into the guitar, possibly while playing.
4. The man playing the guitar, possibly playing a chord.
5. The man sitting on the bed, holding the guitar.

"These moments capture the essence of the man playing the guitar and singing, showcasing his talent and enjoyment of the activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The camera shows a bed with a white comforter and a pillow.
2. The camera zooms in on the bed, focusing on the pillow.
3. The camera zooms in on the pillow, showing a close-up of the pillow's texture.
4. The camera zooms in on the bed, showing the bed's headboard.
5. The camera zooms in on the bed, focusing on the bed's sheets.
6. The camera zooms in on the bed, showing the bed's blanket.
7. The camera zooms in on the bed, focusing on the bed's pillow.
8. The camera zooms in on the bed, showing the bed's headboard.
9. The camera zooms in on the bed, focusing on the bed's sheets.
10. The camera zooms in on the bed, showing the bed's blanket.

"These moments capture the details of the bed, including the pillow, sheets, blanket, and headboard, providing a close-up view of the bed's features."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are as follows:"

1. A man is seen pouring a liquid into a bowl on the counter.
2. The man is using a spoon to stir the contents of the bowl.
3. The man is standing in front of a sink, possibly preparing to wash the bowl or the spoon.
4. The man is holding a bottle, possibly containing a sauce or a condiment.
5. The man is standing next to a cupboard, possibly to access other ingredients or cooking utensils.

"These moments capture the process of preparing a meal, with the man actively participating in the cooking or food preparation process."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The dog is lying down on the floor, possibly in a kitchen.
2. The dog is rolling around on the floor, possibly due to excitement or playfulness.
3. The dog is lying down on the floor, possibly in a kitchen.
4. The dog is rolling around on the floor, possibly due to excitement or playfulness.
5. The dog is lying down on the floor, possibly in a kitchen.


"These moments showcase the dog's playful and energetic behavior, as it rolls around and lays down on the floor."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video include the cat sitting on a bed, looking at the camera, and then looking at the camera again. The cat appears to be focused on the camera, possibly due to the interaction or attention from the person filming."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are as follows:"

1. A man is walking through a grassy field, holding a camera and a bag.
2. He stops and takes a picture of the camera.
3. He then walks towards the camera and takes a picture of himself.
4. He continues walking and takes a picture of the camera again.
5. He stops and takes a picture of the camera once more.

"These moments capture the man's interaction with the camera and the surrounding environment, showcasing his interest in capturing the moment and the camera's presence in the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The group of men in uniform, dressed in blue and white, is standing in a grassy field.
2. The band members are playing their instruments, with one of them holding a drum.
3. The band members are walking across the field, with one of them holding a drum.
4. The band members are standing in the grass, with one of them holding a drum.
5. The band members are walking across the field, with one of them holding a drum.

"These moments capture the band members playing their instruments and walking across the field, showcasing their performance and the instruments they are using."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A person is seen walking down a road, possibly in a park.
2. A car is driving down the road, passing the person walking.
3. The person walking is seen walking down the road, and the car is driving past them.
4. The car is driving down the road, and the person is walking on the sidewalk.
5. The car is driving down the road, and the person is walking on the sidewalk.
6. The car is driving down the road, and the person is walking on the sidewalk.
7. The car is driving down the road, and the person is walking on the sidewalk.
8. The car is driving down the road, and the person is walking on the sidewalk.


"These moments capture the interaction between the person walking and the car driving on the road, highlighting the importance of road safety and awareness for both pedestrians and drivers."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video include the person pouring sauce into a pot on the stove, the person stirring the sauce, and the person adding spices to the pot. These moments occur in the following order:"

1. The person pours sauce into the pot on the stove.
2. The person stirs the sauce in the pot.
3. The person adds spices to the pot, which are then stirred into the sauce.

"These moments capture the process of preparing a sauce, which is essential for cooking and enhancing the flavor of various dishes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are:"

1. The woman, who is Video-ChatGPT, is sitting in a chair in front of a window.
2. She is wearing glasses and a red shirt.
3. She is talking to someone, possibly a friend, on the phone.
4. She is also looking at the camera, which is recording the video.
"5. The woman is smiling and appears to be enjoying her conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are:"

1. A person is seen swimming in the water, possibly in a pool or a body of water.
2. A fish is seen swimming nearby, possibly in the same body of water.
3. The person and the fish are captured in the same frame, indicating that they are in close proximity to each other.
"4. The person is seen swimming in the water, and the fish is swimming nearby."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A group of men are seen riding horses, with one of them holding the reins of the horse.
2. The man on the horse turns to the camera and says something.
3. The man on the horse turns back to the camera, and the camera zooms in on his face.
4. The man on the horse turns back to the camera, and the camera zooms in on his face again.
5. The man on the horse turns back to the camera, and the camera zooms in on his face for a third time.
6. The man on the horse turns back to the camera, and the camera zooms in on his face for a fourth time.
7. The man on the horse turns back to the camera, and the camera zooms in on his face for a fifth time.

"These moments capture the essence of the video, showcasing the man on the horse and the interaction between the horse and the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video shows a man working on a machine that is making doughnuts. The key moments in the order they occur are:"

1. The man is standing in front of the machine, which is making doughnuts.
2. He is cutting the doughnuts with a knife.
3. He is using a rolling pin to shape the doughnuts.
4. He is putting the doughnuts into a pan.
5. He is putting the doughnuts into a fryer.
6. He is taking the doughnuts out of the fryer.
7. He is putting the doughnuts on a tray.
8. He is putting the doughnuts into a box.

"These moments capture the process of making doughnuts, from shaping the dough to frying and packaging the finished product."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A man is seen holding a cell phone, possibly taking a picture or recording a video.
2. A woman is seen talking to the man, possibly discussing the content of the video or the picture being taken.
3. The man is seen holding the cell phone, possibly showing the content to the woman.
4. The man is seen taking a picture or recording a video.
5. The woman is seen talking to the man, possibly discussing the content of the video or the picture being taken.
6. The man is seen holding the cell phone, possibly showing the content to the woman.

"These moments capture the interaction between the man and the woman, with the man using his cell phone to capture images or videos, and the woman engaging in conversation with him."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The man is standing on a field, holding a baseball bat and preparing to hit the ball.
2. The man swings the bat, making contact with the ball.
3. The man catches the ball with the baseball glove.
4. The man is seen with the baseball glove, possibly after catching the ball.

"These moments capture the essence of the baseball game, showcasing the player's skill and the excitement of the sport."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A person is sitting in front of a camera, possibly in a room.
2. The person is talking to the camera, possibly explaining something or engaging in a conversation.
3. The person is seen sitting in front of the camera, and the camera is focused on them.
4. The person is sitting in front of the camera, and the camera is focused on them.
5. The person is sitting in front of the camera, and the camera is focused on them.

"These moments capture the essence of the video, which primarily involves the person sitting in front of the camera and engaging with it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A group of people is seen in a room, possibly a dance studio, with a man in the middle.
2. The man in the middle is seen doing a dance move, possibly a kick, while the others watch.
3. The man is shown doing a kick in the air, and the camera captures the moment.
4. The man is seen performing a kick in the air, and the camera captures the moment.
5. The man is seen doing a kick in the air, and the camera captures the moment.
6. The man is seen doing a kick in the air, and the camera captures the moment.

"These moments showcase the man's dance moves and the group's engagement in the activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a man riding a horse in a large arena."
2. The man is riding the horse in a circle, possibly as part of a training exercise or a performance.
3. The man is seen riding the horse around the arena, with the horse moving in a circular motion.
4. The man is seen riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse following his commands.
5. The man is riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse moving in a circular motion.
6. The man is seen riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse following his commands.
7. The man is riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse moving in a circular motion.
8. The man is seen riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse following his commands.
9. The man is riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse moving in a circular motion.
10. The man is seen riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse following his commands.
11. The man is riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse moving in a circular motion.
12. The man is seen riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse following his commands.
13. The man is riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse moving in a circular motion.
14. The man is seen riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse following his commands.
15. The man is riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse moving in a circular motion.
16. The man is seen riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse following his commands.
17. The man is riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse moving in a circular motion.
18. The man is seen riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse following his commands.
19. The man is riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse moving in a circular motion.
20. The man is seen riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse following his commands.
21. The man is riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse moving in a circular motion.
22. The man is seen riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse following his commands.
23. The man is riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse moving in a circular motion.
24. The man is seen riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse following his commands.
25. The man is riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse moving in a circular motion.
26. The man is seen riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse following his commands.
27. The man is riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse moving in a circular motion.
28. The man is seen riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse following his commands.
29. The man is riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse moving in a circular motion.
30. The man is seen riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse following his commands.
31. The man is riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse moving in a circular motion.
32. The man is seen riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse following his commands.
33. The man is riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse moving in a circular motion.
34. The man is seen riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse following his commands.
35. The man is riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse moving in a circular motion.
36. The man is seen riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse following his commands.
37. The man is riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse moving in a circular motion.
38. The man is seen riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse following his commands.
39. The man is riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse moving in a circular motion.
40. The man is seen riding the horse in a large arena, with the horse following his commands.
"41. The man is riding the horse in a large arena, with"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a group of people dressed in white, walking down a street."
2. The group of people is walking in a line, and they are all wearing white.
3. The group of people is walking down a street, and they are dressed in white.
4. The group of people is walking down a street, and they are all wearing white.
"5. The group of people is walking down a street, and they are dressed in white."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A man is seen walking into a room with a barbell.
2. The man is standing in front of a barbell, holding it.
3. The man is seen walking out of the room with the barbell.
4. The man is standing in front of a barbell, holding it, and appears to be adjusting it.
5. The man is seen walking into the room with the barbell.


"These moments capture the man's interaction with the barbell and his movement throughout the room."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A woman is sitting on a couch in a living room."
2. She is holding a remote control.
3. She is playing a video game using the remote control.
4. She is smiling and enjoying herself.
"5. She is standing up from the couch and walking away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A man is sitting in a boat, holding a paddle.
2. The man starts paddling the boat.
3. The man is paddling the boat across a lake.
4. The man is paddling the boat in the middle of the lake.
5. The man is paddling the boat on a calm lake.

"These moments capture the essence of the man's activity and the environment in which he is engaging in this activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are as follows:"

1. A woman is standing in a grassy field, holding a hula hoop.
2. She is holding the hula hoop in her hands and looking at the camera.
3. She is seen jumping in the air with the hula hoop.
4. She is seen twirling the hula hoop around her body.
5. She is seen jumping in the air with the hula hoop, and the hula hoop is spinning around her body.
6. She is seen jumping in the air with the hula hoop, and the hula hoop is spinning around her body.

"These moments capture the woman's engagement with the hula hoop, showcasing her skill and enjoyment of the activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A man is seen walking into a room, possibly a gym, with a backpack."
2. The man is standing in the gym, possibly in front of a mirror.
3. The man is engaged in a wrestling match with another person.
"4. The man is seen walking out of the gym, still holding his backpack."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user is in a room with a blue floor, possibly a gym or a basketball court.
2. The user is holding a basketball and is ready to play.
3. The user is seen playing basketball, possibly practicing or participating in a game.
4. The user is seen talking to someone, possibly discussing the game or sharing their thoughts on the basketball court.
"5. The user is seen walking away from the basketball court, possibly after finishing their game or practice."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user is shown a close-up of a cake with frosting on it.
2. The user is then shown a close-up of a cake with frosting on it, and the camera zooms in on the frosting.
3. The user is then shown a close-up of a cake with frosting on it, and the camera zooms in on the frosting.
4. The user is then shown a close-up of a cake with frosting on it, and the camera zooms in on the frosting.
5. The user is then shown a close-up of a cake with frosting on it, and the camera zooms in on the frosting.
6. The user is then shown a close-up of a cake with frosting on it, and the camera zooms in on the frosting.
7. The user is then shown a close-up of a cake with frosting on it, and the camera zooms in on the frosting.
8. The user is then shown a close-up of a cake with frosting on it, and the camera zooms in on the frosting.

"These moments capture the various close-up views of the cake with frosting, allowing the user to appreciate the details and texture of the frosting."",0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video starts with a person walking their dog on a leash."
2. The person is talking to the dog and the dog is looking at the camera.
3. The person is walking down the street with the dog on a leash.
4. The person is talking to the dog while walking down the street.
5. The person is walking down the street with the dog on a leash.
6. The person is talking to the dog while walking down the street.
7. The person is walking down the street with the dog on a leash.
"8. The person is talking to the dog while walking down the street."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are:"

1. A woman in a yellow dress is standing on a wooden floor, possibly in a dance studio or a gym.
2. She is performing a dance move, possibly a kick or a jump, while wearing a yellow dress.
3. She is captured in mid-air, showcasing her dance move.
4. She is captured in a close-up, emphasizing her dance move and the yellow dress.

"5. The video ends with her in a pose, possibly after completing her dance move."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are:"

1. The man with a beard is sitting in front of a camera, looking at it.
2. He is talking to someone off-camera, possibly a friend or a family member.
3. The man is looking at the camera again, possibly reacting to something that was said or shown to him.
4. The man is looking at the camera for a third time, possibly responding to a question or a request.

"These moments capture the essence of the video, which is a conversation between the man and someone off-camera, with the man looking at the camera and reacting to the content being discussed."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a man sitting in a chair, wearing a suit and tie."
2. The man is talking to someone off-camera, possibly a friend or colleague.
3. The man is then seen walking out of the room, still wearing the suit and tie.
4. He is walking towards a camera, which captures his image.
5. The man is seen sitting in a chair, wearing a suit and tie, and talking to someone off-camera.
6. The man is then seen walking out of the room, still wearing the suit and tie.
"7. The video ends with the man sitting in a chair, wearing a suit and tie, and talking to someone off-camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A woman is seen playing a game on a Nintendo Wii, holding a Wii remote in her hand.
2. A man is seen playing a game on a Nintendo Wii, holding a Wii remote in his hand.
3. A man is seen holding a Wii remote, while another man is holding a Wii remote in his other hand.
4. A woman is seen holding a Wii remote, and a man is holding a Wii remote in his other hand.
5. A man is seen holding a Wii remote, and a woman is holding a Wii remote in her other hand.

"These moments capture the players engaged in a Wii game, with each person holding a Wii remote to interact with the game."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user is shown a close-up of a bowl of food, possibly soup.
2. The user is then shown a close-up of a spoon in the bowl of soup.
3. The user is then shown a close-up of a spoon in a bowl of soup.
4. The user is then shown a close-up of a spoon in a bowl of soup.
5. The user is then shown a close-up of a spoon in a bowl of soup.
6. The user is then shown a close-up of a spoon in a bowl of soup.
7. The user is then shown a close-up of a spoon in a bowl of soup.
8. The user is then shown a close-up of a spoon in a bowl of soup.
9. The user is then shown a close-up of a spoon in a bowl of soup.
10. The user is then shown a close-up of a spoon in a bowl of soup.

"These key moments are repeated throughout the video, emphasizing the presence of the spoon in the soup."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A person, presumably a woman, is sitting on a chair in a room.
2. The woman is talking to someone, possibly a man, and they are engaged in a conversation.
3. The woman is sitting on the chair, and the man is standing in front of her.
4. The man is talking to the woman, and they are having a conversation.
5. The woman is sitting on the chair, and the man is standing in front of her.

"These moments capture the essence of the video, which appears to be a casual conversation between the woman and the man in a room."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

"1. The user starts the video chat by saying """"Hi."""""
"2. The user then says, """"I'm going to show you something."""""
3. The user shows a picture of a cat on their phone.
"4. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
5. The user shows a picture of a dog on their phone.
"6. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
7. The user shows a picture of a bird on their phone.
"8. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
9. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"10. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
11. The user shows a picture of a car on their phone.
"12. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
13. The user shows a picture of a house on their phone.
"14. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
15. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"16. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
17. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"18. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
19. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"20. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
21. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"22. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
23. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"24. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
25. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"26. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
27. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"28. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
29. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"30. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
31. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"32. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
33. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"34. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
35. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"36. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
37. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"38. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
39. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"40. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
41. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"42. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
43. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"44. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
45. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"46. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
47. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"48. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
49. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"50. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
51. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"52. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
53. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"54. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
55. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"56. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
57. The user shows a picture of a person on their phone.
"58. The user says, """"I'm going to show you something else."""""
"59. The user"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user is sitting at a kitchen counter, holding a knife.
2. The user is cutting a piece of food, likely a vegetable, using the knife.
3. The user is cutting a piece of food, possibly a vegetable, with the knife.
4. The user is cutting a piece of food, possibly a vegetable, with the knife.
5. The user is cutting a piece of food, possibly a vegetable, with the knife.

"These moments show the user preparing and cutting food using a knife in the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's hand holding a cell phone."
2. The person is then seen holding the cell phone to their ear, possibly making a call or engaging in a video call.
3. The person then turns the cell phone towards the camera, showing the screen.
4. The person then turns the cell phone away from the camera, possibly to hide the screen or to engage in a different activity.
"5. The video ends with the person holding the cell phone to their ear again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are:"

1. A person is sitting at a table with a cup and a fork.
2. The person is talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program.
3. The large vision-language assistant is listening to the person's conversation and providing a response.
4. The person is using the computer program to communicate with the large vision-language assistant.
"5. The person is sitting at the table with the cup and the fork, and the large vision-language assistant is present in the background."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A person is seen washing their hands in a sink.
2. The person is seen drying their hands on a towel.
3. The person is seen wiping the counter with a towel.
4. The person is seen drying their hands on a towel.
5. The person is seen wiping the counter with a towel.

"These moments capture the handwashing and drying process, as well as the cleaning of the counter with a towel."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video shows a person holding a cell phone and talking to someone on the phone. The person is sitting at a table with a cup, and the cell phone is placed on the table as well. The key moments in the video are:"

1. The person holding the cell phone and talking to someone on the phone.
2. The person sitting at a table with a cup.
"3. The cell phone placed on the table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A person is seen in the kitchen, possibly preparing food or cleaning up.
2. The person is seen in the kitchen, possibly putting away dishes or organizing the area.
3. The person is seen in the kitchen, possibly washing dishes or cleaning up.
4. The person is seen in the kitchen, possibly putting away dishes or organizing the area.
5. The person is seen in the kitchen, possibly washing dishes or cleaning up.

"These moments capture various activities taking place in the kitchen, such as food preparation, cleaning, and organizing the space."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user is seen cutting vegetables on a cutting board.
2. The user is seen cutting vegetables on a cutting board.
3. The user is seen cutting vegetables on a cutting board.
4. The user is seen cutting vegetables on a cutting board.
5. The user is seen cutting vegetables on a cutting board.
6. The user is seen cutting vegetables on a cutting board.
7. The user is seen cutting vegetables on a cutting board.
8. The user is seen cutting vegetables on a cutting board.
9. The user is seen cutting vegetables on a cutting board.
10. The user is seen cutting vegetables on a cutting board.

"These moments show the user preparing and cutting vegetables on a cutting board, which is an essential step in cooking or preparing a meal."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user is seen holding a spoon over a pot on the stove, possibly preparing to cook.
2. The user then picks up a bottle, possibly containing a cooking ingredient or a beverage.
3. The user then picks up a bowl, which could be used for mixing or serving food.
4. The user then picks up a spoon, which they were holding over the pot earlier.
5. The user is seen holding a spoon over a pot on the stove, possibly preparing to cook.

"These moments capture the user's actions and interactions with various kitchen items, showcasing their cooking or meal preparation process."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user is shown a kitchen sink with water in it.
2. The user is then shown a plate with food on it.
3. The user is asked to describe the food on the plate.
4. The user is then shown a dishwasher with a dish inside it.
5. The user is asked to describe the dishwasher.
6. The user is shown a sink with water in it.
7. The user is asked to describe the sink.

"These moments capture the user's attention and guide them through the process of describing the kitchen items and their functions."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user starts by holding a knife and cutting a piece of food.
2. The user then places the knife on a cutting board.
3. The user picks up the knife and starts cutting the food again.
4. The user then places the knife down on the cutting board.
5. The user picks up the knife and starts cutting the food for a third time.

"These moments capture the process of cutting food with a knife, showcasing the user's actions and the knife's usage in the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user is shown a close-up of a pan, which is a large cooking pan.
2. The user is then shown a close-up of a spoon, which is placed on the pan.
3. The user is shown a close-up of a bowl, which is also placed on the pan.
4. The video then shows the bowl being used to mix ingredients.
5. The user is shown a close-up of the bowl being used to mix ingredients.
"6. The video concludes with the user being shown a close-up of the spoon being used to mix ingredients."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user is shown a kitchen with a counter and a sink.
2. The user is then shown a cupboard, possibly in the kitchen.
3. The user is then shown a bathroom with a sink and a mirror.
4. The user is then shown a kitchen with a counter and a sink.
5. The user is then shown a bathroom with a sink and a mirror.

"These moments are captured in a series of still images, with the user being the central figure in each scene. The video likely showcases different aspects of the user's daily life, such as their living space and personal grooming routines."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. A person is seen holding a knife and cutting something on a cutting board.
2. The person is then seen holding a bowl and possibly using it to mix ingredients.
3. The person is also seen holding a spoon, possibly for stirring or scooping.
4. The person is seen placing the cutting board with the knife on a counter.

"These moments capture the various actions and tools used in the kitchen, showcasing the person's cooking or food preparation process."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are as follows:"

1. The user is holding a knife and cutting something on a cutting board.
2. The user is holding a spoon and stirring a pot.
3. The user is holding a bowl and pouring something into the pot.
4. The user is holding a spoon and stirring the pot.
5. The user is holding a bowl and pouring something into the pot.

"These moments capture the user's actions of preparing a meal, possibly cooking, using various kitchen tools such as a knife, spoon, and bowl."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The person is preparing a meal, possibly stir-frying vegetables on a stove.
2. The person is using a knife to cut vegetables.
3. The person is using a spoon to stir the vegetables in the pot.
4. The person is cutting up some vegetables on a cutting board.
5. The person is using a knife to cut up vegetables on a cutting board.
6. The person is using a spoon to stir the vegetables in the pot.
7. The person is using a knife to cut vegetables on a cutting board.
8. The person is using a spoon to stir the vegetables in the pot.

"These moments capture the various actions and tools involved in the cooking process, illustrating the person's preparation of a meal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The person is seen holding a spoon and a bowl, possibly preparing to eat or cook.
2. The person is seen holding a spoon and a bowl, possibly preparing to eat or cook.
3. The person is seen holding a spoon and a bowl, possibly preparing to eat or cook.
4. The person is seen holding a spoon and a bowl, possibly preparing to eat or cook.
5. The person is seen holding a spoon and a bowl, possibly preparing to eat or cook.

"These moments showcase the person's actions and the objects they are using, which are essential for understanding the context of the video."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user is seen opening a cabinet and pulling out a microwave.
2. The microwave is placed on a countertop.
3. The user then pulls out a coffee maker from the cabinet.
4. The coffee maker is placed on the countertop next to the microwave.
5. The user then pulls out a toaster from the cabinet.
6. The toaster is placed on the countertop next to the coffee maker.

"These actions demonstrate the user's actions in organizing and arranging the kitchen appliances in their designated areas."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user is seen placing a cup on the table.
2. The user then picks up the cup and places it on the table.
3. The user picks up the cup and places it on the table again.
4. The user then picks up the cup and places it on the table.
5. The user picks up the cup and places it on the table.

"These actions demonstrate the user's interaction with the cup and the table, showcasing their actions and movements throughout the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video occur in the following order:"

1. The user is seen holding a spoon and a bowl in the kitchen.
2. The user is seen holding a spoon and a bowl, and the camera is focused on the bowl.
3. The user is seen holding a spoon and a bowl, and the camera is focused on the spoon.
4. The user is seen holding a spoon and a bowl, and the camera is focused on the spoon.
5. The user is seen holding a spoon and a bowl, and the camera is focused on the spoon.

"These moments capture the user's actions and interactions with the spoon and bowl in the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The key moments in the video are as follows:"

1. A person is seen opening a microwave and placing food inside it.
2. The person then turns to a sink and starts washing dishes.
3. The person then goes to a counter and starts preparing food.
4. The person is seen placing food on a plate, which is then placed on a table.
5. The person is also seen placing food on a plate and placing it on a table.

"These moments capture the different stages of food preparation and cleanup in the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a sandwich, which is placed on a table."
2. The camera then zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and a cup.
3. The camera zooms in again to show the sandwich and the cup, focusing on the sandwich.
4. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
5. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
6. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
7. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
8. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
9. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
10. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
11. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
12. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
13. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
14. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
15. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
16. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
17. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
18. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
19. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
20. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
21. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
22. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
23. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
24. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
25. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
26. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
27. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
28. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
29. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
30. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
31. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
32. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
33. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
34. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich.
"35. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich and cup, and then zooms in on the sandwich."",1,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""The video shows a man sitting in a chair, possibly in a living room or a similar setting. The following key events or actions are captured in the video:"

1. The man is sitting in a chair, possibly in a living room.
2. The man is looking at a camera, possibly engaged in a video call or a conversation.
3. The man is sitting in the chair, looking at the camera.
4. The man is sitting in the chair, looking at the camera.
5. The man is sitting in the chair, looking at the camera.
6. The man is sitting in the chair, looking at the camera.

"These events are captured in a continuous sequence, with the man sitting in the chair and looking at the camera throughout the video."",1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's face, likely the user, who is talking to the camera."
2. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
3. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
4. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
5. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
6. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
7. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
8. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
9. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
10. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
11. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
12. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
13. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
14. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
15. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
16. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
17. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
18. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
19. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
20. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
21. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
22. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
23. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
24. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
25. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
26. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
27. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
28. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
29. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
30. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
31. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
32. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
33. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
34. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
35. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
36. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
37. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
38. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
39. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
40. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
41. The user then shows a picture of a car, possibly a car they are interested in or discussing.
"42"",1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a person holding a cell phone and looking at the screen."
2. The person starts recording a video of themselves.
3. The person talks into the cell phone, possibly explaining their actions or providing context.
4. The person continues to record the video, possibly showing the cell phone screen or their surroundings.
"5. The person stops recording the video and ends the call."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's face, likely the user, who is sitting in front of a camera."
2. The person starts talking, and the video is focused on their face.
3. The person starts to describe a situation, possibly involving a person or an object, such as a chair.
4. The person continues to describe the situation, providing more details about the chair.
"5. The person concludes their description, and the video ends."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A group of people is standing in a parking lot, with some of them walking around."
2. A man is talking on a cell phone, possibly discussing the parking lot.
3. A person is seen walking away from the group of people.
4. A man is seen walking towards the group of people.
5. A person is seen walking towards the man who is talking on the cell phone.
6. The man talking on the cell phone is seen walking towards the person who is walking towards him.

"These events are in chronological order, and the video captures the interactions among the people in the parking lot."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up shot of a person's face."
2. The person starts talking, and the camera zooms out to show the person's surroundings.
3. The person is sitting on a couch and holding a cell phone.
4. The person is engaged in a video call, possibly with another person.
5. The person is talking on the phone, and the camera zooms in on their face.
6. The person is sitting on the couch and talking on the phone.
7. The person is sitting on the couch and holding the cell phone.
8. The person is talking on the phone, and the camera zooms out to show the surroundings.

"These events are presented in a chronological order, capturing the key actions and interactions in the video."",1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a person walking down a street, possibly in a city."
2. The person is walking down the street while talking on a cell phone.
3. The person stops walking and turns to face the camera, holding the cell phone to their ear.
4. The person continues to talk on the cell phone while facing the camera.
5. The person then turns their back to the camera and walks away from the camera.
"6. The person continues to walk down the street while talking on the cell phone."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a man sitting in a car, possibly driving, and looking at the camera."
2. The man then turns to the side and looks at the camera again.
3. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
4. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
5. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
6. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
7. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
8. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
9. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
10. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
11. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
12. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
13. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
14. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
15. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
16. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
17. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
18. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
19. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
20. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
21. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
22. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
23. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
24. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
25. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
26. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
27. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
28. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
29. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
30. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
31. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
32. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
33. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
34. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
35. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
36. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
37. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
38. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
39. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
40. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
41. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
42. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
43. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
44. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
45. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
46. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
47. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
48. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
49. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
50. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
51. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
52. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
53. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
54. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
55. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
56. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera.
"57. The man turns his head to the side and looks at the camera."",1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a person sitting in a car, likely driving."
2. The person starts to talk to someone, possibly a passenger, and the conversation is captured on video.
3. The person in the car receives a call from someone, and they answer the call.
4. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, likely discussing the conversation they had with the passenger.
5. The person in the car receives another call, and they answer it.
6. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, possibly discussing the previous conversation or other topics.
7. The person in the car receives a third call, and they answer it.
8. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, possibly discussing the previous conversations or other topics.
9. The person in the car receives a fourth call, and they answer it.
10. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, possibly discussing the previous conversations or other topics.
11. The person in the car receives a fifth call, and they answer it.
12. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, possibly discussing the previous conversations or other topics.
13. The person in the car receives a sixth call, and they answer it.
14. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, possibly discussing the previous conversations or other topics.
15. The person in the car receives a seventh call, and they answer it.
16. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, possibly discussing the previous conversations or other topics.
17. The person in the car receives an eighth call, and they answer it.
18. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, possibly discussing the previous conversations or other topics.
19. The person in the car receives a ninth call, and they answer it.
20. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, possibly discussing the previous conversations or other topics.
21. The person in the car receives a tenth call, and they answer it.
22. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, possibly discussing the previous conversations or other topics.
23. The person in the car receives an eleventh call, and they answer it.
24. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, possibly discussing the previous conversations or other topics.
25. The person in the car receives a twelfth call, and they answer it.
26. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, possibly discussing the previous conversations or other topics.
27. The person in the car receives a thirteenth call, and they answer it.
28. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, possibly discussing the previous conversations or other topics.
29. The person in the car receives a fourteenth call, and they answer it.
30. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, possibly discussing the previous conversations or other topics.
31. The person in the car receives a fifteenth call, and they answer it.
32. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, possibly discussing the previous conversations or other topics.
33. The person in the car receives a sixteenth call, and they answer it.
34. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, possibly discussing the previous conversations or other topics.
35. The person in the car receives a seventeenth call, and they answer it.
36. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, possibly discussing the previous conversations or other topics.
37. The person in the car receives an eighteenth call, and they answer it.
38. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, possibly discussing the previous conversations or other topics.
39. The person in the car receives a nineteenth call, and they answer it.
40. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, possibly discussing the previous conversations or other topics.
41. The person in the car receives a twentieth call, and they answer it.
42. The person in the car talks to the person on the phone, possibly discussing the previous conversations or other topics.
"43. The person in the car receives a"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a person talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program."
2. The person is asking the computer program to help them with a task.
3. The computer program responds to the person's request, providing guidance or instructions.
4. The person follows the computer program's instructions, completing the task successfully.
"5. The video ends with the person thanking the computer program for its assistance."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""In the video, the key events or actions include the following:"

1. A man is sitting in a chair, possibly in a living room or a similar setting.
2. The man is holding a cell phone and appears to be using it for a video call.
3. The man is talking on the phone, possibly discussing something with the person on the other end of the call.
4. The man is seen looking at the camera, possibly acknowledging the person recording the video or engaging with the viewer.
5. The man is seen sitting in the chair, possibly waiting for the call to end or for the next action to take place.

"These events are captured in a sequence, with the man's actions and interactions with the cell phone being the main focus of the video."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a dog sitting on a table."
2. The dog is then shown sitting on a chair.
3. The dog is placed on a table again, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
4. The dog is placed on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
5. The dog is shown sitting on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
6. The dog is placed on a table, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
7. The dog is shown sitting on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
8. The dog is placed on a table, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
9. The dog is shown sitting on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
10. The dog is placed on a table, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
11. The dog is shown sitting on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
12. The dog is placed on a table, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
13. The dog is shown sitting on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
14. The dog is placed on a table, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
15. The dog is shown sitting on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
16. The dog is placed on a table, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
17. The dog is shown sitting on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
18. The dog is placed on a table, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
19. The dog is shown sitting on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
20. The dog is placed on a table, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
21. The dog is shown sitting on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
22. The dog is placed on a table, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
23. The dog is shown sitting on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
24. The dog is placed on a table, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
25. The dog is shown sitting on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
26. The dog is placed on a table, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
27. The dog is shown sitting on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
28. The dog is placed on a table, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
29. The dog is shown sitting on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
30. The dog is placed on a table, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
31. The dog is shown sitting on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
32. The dog is placed on a table, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
33. The dog is shown sitting on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
34. The dog is placed on a table, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
35. The dog is shown sitting on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
36. The dog is placed on a table, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
37. The dog is shown sitting on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
38. The dog is placed on a table, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
39. The dog is shown sitting on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
40. The dog is placed on a table, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
41. The dog is shown sitting on a chair, and the camera zooms in on the dog's face.
"42."",1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's hand holding a cell phone."
2. The person is talking on the phone, possibly discussing something with someone else.
3. The person then hands the cell phone to another person, who is also talking on the phone.
4. The person who received the phone then hands it back to the first person.
5. The first person takes the phone back and continues talking on it.

"These events occur in a sequence, with each person passing the cell phone back and forth, indicating a conversation or interaction between them."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video starts with a close-up of a person's face."
2. The person is sitting at a table, possibly in a restaurant, and is holding a fork.
3. The person is eating food, possibly a sandwich, and is in the process of taking a bite.
4. The person is talking to someone, possibly another person at the table, while eating.
5. The person is seen eating and engaging in conversation simultaneously.
"6. The video ends with the person finishing their meal and possibly cleaning up afterward."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video starts with a close-up of a tree, focusing on its bark."
2. The camera then zooms in on a tree branch, revealing a close-up of a tree bark with a hole in it.
3. The camera then zooms in on a tree branch with a hole in it, showing a close-up of the tree bark.
4. The camera zooms in on a tree branch with a hole in it, providing a close-up of the tree bark.
5. The camera zooms in on a tree branch with a hole in it, focusing on the tree bark.
6. The camera zooms in on a tree branch with a hole in it, showing a close-up of the tree bark.
7. The camera zooms in on a tree branch with a hole in it, providing a close-up of the tree bark.
8. The camera zooms in on a tree branch with a hole in it, focusing on the tree bark.
9. The camera zooms in on a tree branch with a hole in it, showing a close-up of the tree bark.
10. The camera zooms in on a tree branch with a hole in it, providing a close-up of the tree bark.

"These events or actions are presented in a sequence, starting with a close-up of the tree bark and then focusing on the tree branch with a hole in it. The camera zooms in on the tree branch, providing a close-up of the tree bark, and then repeats this process multiple times."",1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A person is talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program."
2. The person is asking the computer program to assist them with a task.
3. The computer program is analyzing the content of the video and providing a response.
4. The person is listening to the computer program's response and discussing the task with it.
5. The person is showing the computer program a video, and the computer program is analyzing the content of the video.
"6. The computer program is providing a response to the person's request."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a person sitting in a chair, holding a cell phone."
2. The person starts a video call on their cell phone.
3. The person is talking on the video call, and the camera captures their face.
4. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
5. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
6. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
7. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
8. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
9. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
10. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
11. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
12. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
13. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
14. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
15. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
16. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
17. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
18. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
19. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
20. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
21. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
22. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
23. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
24. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
25. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
26. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
27. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
28. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
29. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
30. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
31. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
32. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
33. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
34. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
35. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
36. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
37. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
38. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
39. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
40. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
41. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
42. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
43. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
44. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
45. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
46. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
47. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
48. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
49. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
50. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
51. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
52. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
53. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
54. The person is seen sitting in the chair and talking on the video call.
"55. The person is seen"",1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A man is sitting in a chair and holding a cell phone."
2. The man is talking on the phone, possibly discussing a problem with a friend.
3. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
4. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
5. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
6. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
7. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
8. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
9. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
10. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
11. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
12. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
13. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
14. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
15. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
16. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
17. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
18. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
19. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
20. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
21. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
22. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
23. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
24. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
25. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
26. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
27. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
28. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
29. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
30. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
31. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
32. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
33. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
34. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
35. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
36. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
37. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
38. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
39. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
40. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
41. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
42. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
43. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
44. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
45. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
46. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
47. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
48. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
49. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
50. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
51. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
52. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
53. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
54. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
55. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
56. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
57. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
58. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
59. The man is sitting in a chair and looking at a laptop.
60. The man is sitting in a chair and talking on the phone.
"61. The man is sitting in"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""The video shows a man sitting in a chair, talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The key events or actions in the video are as follows:"

1. The man starts talking to the computer program, which is a large vision-language assistant.
2. The man is sitting in a chair, and the computer program is displayed on a screen.
3. The man is engaged in conversation with the computer program, possibly asking it a question or providing information.
4. The computer program responds to the man's input, either by providing a response or asking for more information.

"These events are in chronological order, and there is no redundant information in the provided sequence."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""The video shows a plane on the runway, with a person standing nearby. The plane is either taxiing or preparing to take off. The person is likely a pilot or an airport staff member responsible for ensuring the safe operation of the aircraft. The scene takes place at an airport, with a city visible in the background."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""In the video, a person is seen skiing down a snow-covered slope. The key events or actions in the video include:"

1. The person starting to ski down the slope.
2. The person skiing down the hill, possibly making turns or navigating through the snow.
3. The person reaching the bottom of the hill, where they stop and stand on the snow.

"These events are captured in a sequence, showcasing the progression of the skier's activity on the snow-covered slope."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a bear sitting in a tree."
2. The bear is seen eating something, possibly a banana, while sitting in the tree.
3. The bear is then seen walking along a branch, possibly moving from one tree to another.
4. The bear is captured in a close-up, showcasing its face and the surrounding environment.
"5. The bear is seen walking away from the camera, possibly leaving the tree or moving to another location."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video starts with a person riding a skateboard on a ramp, likely performing a trick."
2. The skateboarder falls off the skateboard and lands on the ground.
3. The person gets up and starts walking away from the skateboard.
4. The skateboard is left on the ground, and the person continues walking.
"5. The person is seen walking down a path, possibly leaving the skateboarding area."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a person sitting in a chair, holding a cell phone."
2. The person starts a video call with another person, who is not visible in the frame.
3. The person sitting in the chair starts talking to the person on the other end of the call.
4. The person sitting in the chair receives a message on their cell phone, which causes them to react and respond to it.
5. The person sitting in the chair ends the call with the other person and continues to look at their cell phone.
"6. The person sitting in the chair continues to look at their cell phone, possibly engaging with other content or messages."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's face."
2. The person is sitting in a chair and appears to be talking on a cell phone.
3. The person is also holding a remote control.
4. The person is looking at the camera, possibly engaging in a video call.
5. The person is sitting in a chair and appears to be watching a video on a TV screen.
6. The person is holding a remote control and appears to be adjusting the volume or changing channels.
7. The person is sitting in a chair and appears to be looking at a cell phone.
8. The person is sitting in a chair and appears to be talking on a cell phone.
9. The person is sitting in a chair and appears to be watching a video on a TV screen.
10. The person is sitting in a chair and appears to be looking at a cell phone.
11. The person is sitting in a chair and appears to be talking on a cell phone.
12. The person is sitting in a chair and appears to be watching a video on a TV screen.
13. The person is sitting in a chair and appears to be looking at a cell phone.
14. The person is sitting in a chair and appears to be talking on a cell phone.
15. The person is sitting in a chair and appears to be watching a video on a TV screen.
16. The person is sitting in a chair and appears to be looking at a cell phone.
17. The person is sitting in a chair and appears to be talking on a cell phone.
18. The person is sitting in a chair and appears to be watching a video on a TV screen.
19. The person is sitting in a chair and appears to be looking at a cell phone.
20. The person is sitting in a chair and appears to be talking on a cell phone.

"These events are presented in a somewhat disorganized manner, but they capture the key actions of the person in the video, including talking on a cell phone, watching a video on a TV screen, and adjusting the volume or changing channels with a remote control."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00 - The video begins with a car driving down a street."

0:05 - The car stops at a red light.

0:10 - A man gets out of the car and walks towards the camera.

0:15 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

0:20 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

0:25 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

0:30 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

0:35 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

0:40 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

0:45 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

0:50 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

0:55 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

1:00 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

1:05 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

1:10 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

1:15 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

1:20 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

1:25 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

1:30 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

1:35 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

1:40 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

1:45 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

1:50 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

1:55 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

2:00 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

2:05 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

2:10 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

2:15 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

2:20 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

2:25 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

2:30 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

2:35 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

2:40 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

2:45 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

2:50 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

2:55 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

3:00 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

3:05 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

3:10 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

3:15 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

3:20 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

3:25 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

3:30 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

3:35 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

3:40 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

3:45 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

3:50 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

3:55 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

4:00 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

4:05 - The man is seen walking down the street, with the car following behind him.

4:10 - The man stops and turns to face the camera.

"4:15 - The man is seen"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video starts with a close-up of a chef preparing food in a kitchen."
2. The chef is cutting vegetables on a cutting board.
3. The chef is placing the vegetables on a plate.
4. The chef is arranging the food on the plate.
5. The chef is placing the plate on a table.
6. The chef is sitting at the table and eating the food.
7. The chef is wiping his mouth with a napkin.
"8. The chef is sitting at the table, possibly finishing his meal."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""The video shows a man talking on a cell phone, with a building in the background. The key events or actions in the video are as follows:"

1. The man is standing outside, talking on his cell phone.
2. He is looking at the camera, possibly acknowledging the person recording the video.
3. The man is walking away from the camera, continuing his conversation on the phone.
4. The man is walking towards the camera, still talking on his cell phone.
5. The man is walking away from the camera, still engaged in his phone conversation.

"These events are captured in a sequence, showcasing the man's actions and interactions with the camera throughout the video."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""The video shows a person (possibly a man or a woman) sitting in a chair, talking to a large machine or a computer. The sequence of events can be summarized as follows:"

1. The person starts talking to the machine or computer.
2. The machine or computer responds, possibly with text or audio.
3. The person continues to talk to the machine or computer, engaging in a conversation.
4. The machine or computer responds again, possibly with text or audio.
5. The person continues to talk to the machine or computer, and the conversation continues.

"The key events in the video capture the interaction between the person and the machine, showcasing the ability of the machine to understand and respond to natural language input."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A person is seen standing on a grassy hill, possibly in a field, with a backpack."
2. The person is talking to someone off-camera, possibly a friend or family member.
3. The person is seen walking down a hill, possibly towards a body of water.
4. The person is standing on a grassy hill, possibly near a body of water.
5. The person is seen walking down a hill, possibly towards a body of water.
6. The person is standing on a grassy hill, possibly near a body of water.
7. The person is seen walking down a hill, possibly towards a body of water.
8. The person is standing on a grassy hill, possibly near a body of water.
9. The person is seen walking down a hill, possibly towards a body of water.
10. The person is standing on a grassy hill, possibly near a body of water.

"These events are captured in a series of shots, with the person walking down the hill and standing on the grassy hill, possibly near a body of water. The sequence of events suggests that the person is exploring the area, enjoying the outdoors, and engaging in conversation with someone off-camera."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A person is walking down a sidewalk."
2. The person is walking towards a park.
3. The person is walking in the park.
4. The person is walking in the grass.
5. The person is walking towards a house.
6. The person is walking in front of a house.
7. The person is walking down a street.
"8. The person is walking on a sidewalk."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's face, likely the user, who is sitting in front of a computer."
2. The user starts a video call with someone, possibly a friend or family member.
3. The user and the person on the other end of the call engage in a conversation, with the user providing information or asking questions.
4. The user's attention is drawn to a window in the background, possibly due to an interesting sight or a notification.
5. The user decides to take a break from the video call and focuses on the window, possibly to observe something happening outside.
6. The user continues to watch the window, possibly out of curiosity or to enjoy the view.
7. The user eventually returns to the video call, resuming the conversation with the person on the other end.

"These events are presented in chronological order, with each action building upon the previous one, creating a natural flow of events in the video."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a grassy field, with a person standing in the background."
2. The person in the background is talking to someone, possibly a friend, and they are both standing in the grass.
3. The person in the foreground is seen walking away from the camera, leaving the grassy field.
4. The person in the background continues to talk to the friend, while the person in the foreground is walking away from the camera.
5. The person in the foreground is walking towards the camera, and the person in the background is still talking to the friend.
6. The person in the foreground is now standing in the grassy field, and the person in the background is still talking to the friend.
7. The person in the foreground is now walking away from the camera, leaving the grassy field.
8. The person in the background is still talking to the friend, and the person in the foreground is walking away from the camera.
"9. The video ends with the person in the foreground walking away from the camera, and the person in the background talking to the friend."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A group of people is seen jumping into a body of water, likely a lake, from a bridge."
2. The group is seen jumping into the water, with some people already in the water and others preparing to jump.
3. The group is seen swimming in the water, enjoying their time together.
4. The group is seen standing on the rocks near the water, possibly taking a break from their swimming activities.
"5. The group is seen walking away from the water, possibly heading back to the bridge or their starting point."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video starts with a close-up of a person's face."
2. The person is talking to someone, possibly a friend, and they are both sitting on the floor.
3. The person is holding a cell phone in their hand.
4. The person is looking at the cell phone screen, possibly showing a video to the other person.
5. The person is sitting on the floor and talking to someone, possibly discussing the content on the cell phone screen.
6. The person is holding the cell phone and looking at the screen, possibly showing the video to the other person.
7. The person is sitting on the floor and talking to someone, possibly discussing the content on the cell phone screen.

"These events are presented in a chronological order, with the person talking to someone, holding the cell phone, and looking at the screen, which suggests that they are sharing or discussing the content on the phone."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A person is walking towards a large inflatable slide, approaching it from the side."
2. The person starts to climb up the inflatable slide, reaching the top and getting ready to slide down.
3. The person slides down the inflatable slide, enjoying the ride.
"4. After sliding down, the person gets off the slide and walks away."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00 - The video begins with a close-up of a person's face."

0:05 - The person turns their head to the right, possibly looking at something.

0:10 - The person's face is shown again, and they are looking to the left.

0:15 - The person's face is shown once more, and they are looking up.

"0:20 - The video ends with a close-up of the person's face."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A person is seen walking on the beach, carrying a surfboard."
2. The person is walking towards the ocean, where they will likely surf.
3. The person is seen walking on the beach, carrying a surfboard, and looking out at the ocean.
4. The person is walking on the beach, carrying a surfboard, and looking out at the ocean.
5. The person is seen walking on the beach, carrying a surfboard, and looking out at the ocean.
6. The person is walking on the beach, carrying a surfboard, and looking out at the ocean.
7. The person is seen walking on the beach, carrying a surfboard, and looking out at the ocean.
"8. The person is walking on the beach, carrying a surfboard, and looking out at the ocean."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a person riding a motorcycle down a street."
2. The motorcycle rider is wearing a helmet and is seen riding down the street.
3. The motorcycle rider is seen riding down a street and turning a corner.
4. The motorcycle rider is seen riding down a street and passing by a building.
5. The motorcycle rider is seen riding down a street and turning a corner.
6. The motorcycle rider is seen riding down a street and passing by a building.
7. The motorcycle rider is seen riding down a street and turning a corner.
8. The motorcycle rider is seen riding down a street and turning a corner.
9. The motorcycle rider is seen riding down a street and turning a corner.
10. The motorcycle rider is seen riding down a street and turning a corner.

"These events are presented in a continuous sequence, showcasing the motorcycle rider navigating the street and turning corners."",1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""The video shows a group of people running on a track, with some of them crossing a finish line. The key events or actions in the video are as follows:"

1. The group of people is running on a track, with some of them crossing the finish line.
2. A man is standing on the track, possibly observing or waiting for his turn to run.
3. The group of people is running on the track, with some of them crossing the finish line.

4. A man is standing on the track, possibly observing or waiting for his turn to run.

5. The group of people is running on the track, with some of them crossing the finish line.


"These events are captured in a sequence, with the group of people running, crossing the finish line, and the man standing on the track. The video does not provide any additional information about the context or purpose of the event."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A man is seen on a sailboat, holding onto a sail and preparing to sail."
2. The man is seen on the sailboat, holding onto the sail and looking at the camera.
3. The man is seen on the sailboat, holding onto the sail and looking at the camera.
4. The man is seen on the sailboat, holding onto the sail and looking at the camera.
5. The man is seen on the sailboat, holding onto the sail and looking at the camera.
6. The man is seen on the sailboat, holding onto the sail and looking at the camera.
7. The man is seen on the sailboat, holding onto the sail and looking at the camera.
8. The man is seen on the sailboat, holding onto the sail and looking at the camera.
9. The man is seen on the sailboat, holding onto the sail and looking at the camera.
"10. The man is seen on the sailboat, holding onto the sail and looking at the camera."",1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""In the video, a man is standing in front of a chalkboard and explaining a math problem. The key events or actions in the video include:"

1. The man standing in front of the chalkboard, possibly drawing a diagram or explaining a math problem.
2. The man talking to the camera, possibly explaining the math problem or providing instructions.
3. The man pointing to the chalkboard, possibly indicating a specific part of the problem or drawing a diagram.
4. The man standing in front of the chalkboard, possibly demonstrating how to solve the math problem or providing additional information.


"These events are presented in a chronological order, with the man standing in front of the chalkboard being the first action, followed by him talking to the camera, pointing to the chalkboard, and standing in front of the chalkboard again."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A person is sitting at a wooden table, holding a piece of paper."
2. The person is writing on the paper using a pen.
3. The person is then putting the paper down on the table.
4. The person picks up the paper and starts writing on it again.
5. The person then puts the paper down on the table.
6. The person picks up the paper and starts writing on it once more.
7. The person finally puts the paper down on the table.

"These events occur in a continuous sequence, with the person writing on the paper and then putting it down on the table multiple times."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A man in a cartoonish costume is talking on a phone, possibly a toy phone, while sitting in a room."
2. The man is holding a toy phone to his ear, pretending to talk.
3. The man is sitting in a room with a toy car and a toy fire hydrant, which suggests that the setting is a playful or imaginative environment.
4. The man is engaged in a conversation, possibly with a friend or family member, using the toy phone.
"5. The man is wearing a funny hat, adding to the overall playful atmosphere of the scene."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A person is riding a horse in a field, with the horse galloping."
2. The person is seen riding the horse and talking to it.
3. The horse is seen running in the field.
4. The person is seen riding the horse and talking to it.
5. The horse is seen running in the field.

"These events are in chronological order, with the person riding the horse and talking to it, followed by the horse running in the field."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A man is sitting on a bed and playing a guitar."
2. He is playing the guitar while looking at the camera.
3. He is playing the guitar and singing a song.
4. He is playing the guitar and looking at the camera.
5. He is playing the guitar and singing a song.
6. He is playing the guitar and looking at the camera.
7. He is playing the guitar and singing a song.
8. He is playing the guitar and looking at the camera.
9. He is playing the guitar and singing a song.
"10. He is playing the guitar and looking at the camera."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video shows a bed with a white comforter, which is neatly made."
2. A person is seen walking into the room, possibly a hotel guest.
3. The person is standing in front of the bed, possibly checking the room or preparing to sleep.
4. The person is seen turning on the lights in the room.
"5. The person is seen walking out of the room, possibly after checking the room or preparing to leave."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The man is seen in the kitchen, preparing food and placing it in a bowl."
2. He is using a spoon to stir the contents of the bowl.
3. The bowl contains a variety of food items, including canned goods and possibly other ingredients.
4. The man is also seen holding a can of soup.
5. The man is seen placing the can of soup into the bowl.
6. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
7. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
8. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
9. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
10. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
11. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
12. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
13. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
14. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
15. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
16. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
17. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
18. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
19. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
20. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
21. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
22. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
23. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
24. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
25. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
26. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
27. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
28. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
29. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
30. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
31. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
32. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
33. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
34. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
35. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
36. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
37. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
38. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
39. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
40. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
41. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
42. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
43. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
44. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
45. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
46. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
47. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
48. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
49. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
50. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
51. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
52. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
53. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
54. The man is stirring the contents of the bowl with the spoon.
55. The man is seen pouring a liquid into the bowl.
"56. The man is stir"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video shows a dog laying on the floor, possibly in a kitchen."
2. The dog is pregnant and has a belly, indicating that it is expecting puppies.
3. The dog is rolling on its back, possibly to show off its belly or to be petted.
4. The dog is laying on its back, possibly to be petted or to show off its belly.
5. The dog is rolling on its back, possibly to be petted or to show off its belly.

"These events are in chronological order, with the dog laying on the floor, rolling on its back, and showing off its belly throughout the video."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""The video shows a cat sitting on a bed and looking at a wall. The cat appears to be staring at a light or a reflection on the wall, which captures its attention. The cat's gaze is directed towards the light or the reflection, and it seems to be intrigued or curious about it. This moment is captured at approximately 0:00-0:05 in the video."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The man is walking down a grassy path, carrying a backpack and a camera."
2. He stops to take a picture of a field with a camera.
3. He continues walking down the path, still carrying the backpack and camera.
4. He stops to take another picture of the field.
5. He walks away from the camera, still carrying the backpack and camera.
6. He turns around and walks back towards the camera, still carrying the backpack and camera.
7. He stops to take a picture of the field with the camera.
"8. He continues walking down the path, still carrying the backpack and camera."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video shows a group of men in uniform, possibly a brass band, standing in a field."
2. They are holding musical instruments, such as trumpets and drums, and are preparing to play.
3. The men are standing in a line, possibly in a formation, as they wait for their turn to perform.
4. They are playing their instruments, creating music in the field.
"5. The group of men is playing together, showcasing their musical skills and coordination."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""The video shows a car driving down a road, with a person standing on the side of the road. The car is moving at a moderate speed, and the person appears to be waving at the camera. The car continues down the road, and the person on the side of the road is still waving. The video ends with the car driving away from the camera."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A person is pouring sauce into a pot on the stove."
2. The person is stirring the pot of sauce.
3. The sauce is being cooked on the stove.
4. The person is adding more sauce to the pot.
5. The person is stirring the sauce in the pot.
6. The person is pouring sauce into a pot on the stove.
7. The person is stirring the pot of sauce.
8. The person is adding more sauce to the pot.
9. The person is stirring the sauce in the pot.
10. The person is pouring sauce into a pot on the stove.
11. The person is stirring the pot of sauce.
12. The person is adding more sauce to the pot.
13. The person is stirring the sauce in the pot.
14. The person is pouring sauce into a pot on the stove.
15. The person is stirring the pot of sauce.
16. The person is adding more sauce to the pot.
17. The person is stirring the sauce in the pot.
18. The person is pouring sauce into a pot on the stove.
19. The person is stirring the pot of sauce.
20. The person is adding more sauce to the pot.
21. The person is stirring the sauce in the pot.
22. The person is pouring sauce into a pot on the stove.
23. The person is stirring the pot of sauce.
24. The person is adding more sauce to the pot.
25. The person is stirring the sauce in the pot.
26. The person is pouring sauce into a pot on the stove.
27. The person is stirring the pot of sauce.
28. The person is adding more sauce to the pot.
29. The person is stirring the sauce in the pot.
30. The person is pouring sauce into a pot on the stove.
31. The person is stirring the pot of sauce.
32. The person is adding more sauce to the pot.
33. The person is stirring the sauce in the pot.
34. The person is pouring sauce into a pot on the stove.
35. The person is stirring the pot of sauce.
36. The person is adding more sauce to the pot.
37. The person is stirring the sauce in the pot.
38. The person is pouring sauce into a pot on the stove.
39. The person is stirring the pot of sauce.
40. The person is adding more sauce to the pot.
41. The person is stirring the sauce in the pot.
42. The person is pouring sauce into a pot on the stove.
43. The person is stirring the pot of sauce.
44. The person is adding more sauce to the pot.
45. The person is stirring the sauce in the pot.
46. The person is pouring sauce into a pot on the stove.
47. The person is stirring the pot of sauce.
48. The person is adding more sauce to the pot.
49. The person is stirring the sauce in the pot.
50. The person is pouring sauce into a pot on the stove.
51. The person is stirring the pot of sauce.
52. The person is adding more sauce to the pot.
53. The person is stirring the sauce in the pot.
54. The person is pouring sauce into a pot on the stove.
55. The person is stirring the pot of sauce.
56. The person is adding more sauce to the pot.
57. The person is stirring the sauce in the pot.
58. The person is pouring sauce into a pot on the stove.
59. The person is stirring the pot of sauce.
60. The person is adding more sauce to the pot.
61. The person is stirring the sauce in the pot.
62. The person is pouring sauce into a pot on the stove.
63. The person is stirring the pot of sauce.
"64. The person is adding"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video shows an older woman sitting in a chair, wearing a red shirt and glasses."
2. She is holding a remote control in her hand.
3. The woman is watching a TV screen, possibly watching a video.
4. She is engaged in a video call, possibly with a grandchild.
5. The woman is smiling and appears to be enjoying the interaction.

"These events are presented in a chronological order, capturing the woman's engagement with the TV screen, the video call, and her overall demeanor as she watches the content on the screen."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""In the video, a person is seen holding a fishing rod and reeling in a fish. The following is a timed list of key events or actions in the video:"

1. The person is holding a fishing rod and reeling in a fish.
2. The fish is being pulled in, and the person is actively engaged in the process.
3. The fish is eventually caught, and the person is seen holding it.
4. The person is seen with the fish, possibly admiring it or preparing to release it.

"The sequence of events is in chronological order, and there is no redundant information in the provided list."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a group of people riding horses in a field."
2. A man is seen riding a horse, and he is wearing a cowboy hat.
3. The man dismounts from the horse and walks away from it.
4. The man is seen walking towards the camera, and he is wearing a cowboy hat.
5. The man is seen walking away from the camera, and he is wearing a cowboy hat.
"6. The video ends with the man walking away from the camera."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00 - The video begins with a close-up of a doughnut machine, showcasing the doughnut-making process."

0:05 - A man is seen working on the doughnut machine, likely preparing the doughnuts for production.

0:10 - The doughnut machine is in action, creating doughnuts.

0:15 - The doughnuts are being removed from the machine and placed on a conveyor belt.

0:20 - The conveyor belt is moving, transporting the doughnuts to the next stage of the production process.

0:25 - The doughnuts are being sorted and placed on a table, likely for further processing or packaging.

"0:30 - The video ends with the doughnuts being placed on a table."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A man is seen walking down a street, holding a cell phone in his hand."
2. The man is talking on his cell phone, possibly discussing something with someone.
3. The man is walking down a street and appears to be lost, as he is looking at his cell phone.
4. The man is looking at his cell phone, possibly searching for directions or trying to find information.
"5. The man is seen walking down the street, still holding his cell phone."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a man standing on a field, holding a sports ball."
2. The man is seen walking across the field with the sports ball.
3. The man is seen throwing the sports ball.
4. The man is seen running across the field with the sports ball.
5. The man is seen kicking the sports ball.
6. The man is seen running across the field with the sports ball.
7. The man is seen throwing the sports ball.
8. The man is seen walking across the field with the sports ball.

"These events are captured in a continuous sequence, showcasing the man's actions with the sports ball as he moves across the field."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A woman is sitting in front of a camera, and the video begins."
2. The woman is talking to someone off-camera, possibly a friend or family member.
3. The woman is sitting in front of a laptop, and she is typing on it.
4. The woman is looking at the camera and smiling.
5. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it again.
6. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a third time.
7. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a fourth time.
8. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a fifth time.
9. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a sixth time.
10. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a seventh time.
11. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it an eighth time.
12. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a ninth time.
13. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a tenth time.
14. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it an eleventh time.
15. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a twelfth time.
16. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a thirteenth time.
17. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a fourteenth time.
18. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a fifteenth time.
19. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a sixteenth time.
20. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a seventeenth time.
21. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it an eighteenth time.
22. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a nineteenth time.
23. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a twentieth time.
24. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a twenty-first time.
25. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a twenty-second time.
26. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a twenty-third time.
27. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a twenty-fourth time.
28. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a twenty-fifth time.
29. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a twenty-sixth time.
30. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a twenty-seventh time.
31. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a twenty-eighth time.
32. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a twenty-ninth time.
33. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a thirtieth time.
34. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a thirty-first time.
35. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a thirty-second time.
36. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a thirty-third time.
37. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a thirty-fourth time.
38. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a thirty-fifth time.
39. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a thirty-sixth time.
40. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a thirty-seventh time.
"41. The woman is sitting in front of the laptop, and she is typing on it a thirty-eighth time."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a group of people standing in a room, possibly a dance studio or a gym."
2. The group of people is engaged in a dance routine, with one person leading the group in a dance.
3. The person leading the dance is wearing a black shirt and a white skirt.
4. The group of people is performing the dance routine together, with some individuals following the lead of the person in the black shirt and white skirt.
5. The group of people is actively participating in the dance, showcasing their coordination and synchronization.
"6. The video ends with the group of people still engaged in the dance routine, with the person in the black shirt and white skirt leading the way."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a man riding a horse in a dirt arena."
2. The man is riding the horse in a circle, possibly practicing or training the horse.
3. The man is seen riding the horse in a ring, possibly participating in a competition or showcasing his riding skills.
4. The man is riding the horse in a ring, and the horse is walking around the arena.
5. The man is seen riding the horse in a ring, and the horse is walking around the arena.
"6. The man is riding the horse in a ring, and the horse is walking around the arena."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A group of people, dressed in white, are walking down a street."
2. The group of people is walking in a line, with some of them holding umbrellas.
3. A man is talking to the group of people, possibly giving instructions or directions.
4. The group of people is walking down the street, with some of them still holding umbrellas.
5. The group of people is walking down the street, with some of them still holding umbrellas.
6. The group of people is walking down the street, with some of them still holding umbrellas.
7. The group of people is walking down the street, with some of them still holding umbrellas.
8. The group of people is walking down the street, with some of them still holding umbrellas.
9. The group of people is walking down the street, with some of them still holding umbrellas.
10. The group of people is walking down the street, with some of them still holding umbrellas.

"These events are presented in a chronological order, capturing the key moments of the group of people walking down the street while some of them hold umbrellas."",1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""The video shows a man working out in a gym, lifting a barbell and using a weight machine. The key events or actions in the video are:"

1. The man is seen lifting a barbell, possibly performing a bicep curl, as he stands in front of a weight machine.
2. He is also seen using a weight machine, which could be a bench press or a squat rack, to perform a workout.
3. The man is wearing a white shirt and is standing in a gym, which suggests that he is in a fitness facility.

"4. The video is time-stamped, indicating that the events are happening at different points in time."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A woman is sitting on a couch in a living room, holding a remote control."
2. She is talking to someone on a video call, possibly discussing a video.
3. She is holding a cell phone and looking at it, possibly browsing or watching a video.
4. She is sitting on the couch, holding the remote control, and appears to be engaged in a video call.
5. She is sitting on the couch, holding the remote control, and appears to be watching a video.

"These events are in chronological order, and they describe the woman's actions and interactions with various devices, such as the remote control, cell phone, and video call."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A man is sitting in a boat on a lake, wearing a life jacket."
2. The man starts the motor of the boat.
3. The man is seen looking at the camera.
4. The man is seen looking at the camera again.
5. The man is seen looking at the camera for a third time.
6. The man is seen looking at the camera for a fourth time.
7. The man is seen looking at the camera for a fifth time.
8. The man is seen looking at the camera for a sixth time.
9. The man is seen looking at the camera for a seventh time.
10. The man is seen looking at the camera for an eighth time.
11. The man is seen looking at the camera for a ninth time.
12. The man is seen looking at the camera for a tenth time.
13. The man is seen looking at the camera for an eleventh time.
14. The man is seen looking at the camera for a twelfth time.
15. The man is seen looking at the camera for a thirteenth time.
16. The man is seen looking at the camera for a fourteenth time.
17. The man is seen looking at the camera for a fifteenth time.
18. The man is seen looking at the camera for a sixteenth time.
19. The man is seen looking at the camera for a seventeenth time.
20. The man is seen looking at the camera for an eighteenth time.
21. The man is seen looking at the camera for a nineteenth time.
22. The man is seen looking at the camera for a twentieth time.
23. The man is seen looking at the camera for a twenty-first time.
24. The man is seen looking at the camera for a twenty-second time.
25. The man is seen looking at the camera for a twenty-third time.
26. The man is seen looking at the camera for a twenty-fourth time.
27. The man is seen looking at the camera for a twenty-fifth time.
28. The man is seen looking at the camera for a twenty-sixth time.
29. The man is seen looking at the camera for a twenty-seventh time.
30. The man is seen looking at the camera for a twenty-eighth time.
31. The man is seen looking at the camera for a twenty-ninth time.
32. The man is seen looking at the camera for a thirtieth time.
33. The man is seen looking at the camera for a thirty-first time.
34. The man is seen looking at the camera for a thirty-second time.
35. The man is seen looking at the camera for a thirty-third time.
36. The man is seen looking at the camera for a thirty-fourth time.
37. The man is seen looking at the camera for a thirty-fifth time.
38. The man is seen looking at the camera for a thirty-sixth time.
39. The man is seen looking at the camera for a thirty-seventh time.
40. The man is seen looking at the camera for a thirty-eighth time.
41. The man is seen looking at the camera for a thirty-ninth time.
42. The man is seen looking at the camera for a fortieth time.
43. The man is seen looking at the camera for a forty-first time.
44. The man is seen looking at the camera for a forty-second time.
45. The man is seen looking at the camera for a forty-third time.
46. The man is seen looking at the camera for a forty-fourth time.
47. The man is seen looking at the camera for a forty-fifth time.
48. The man is seen looking at the camera for a forty-sixth time.
49. The man is seen looking at the camera for a forty-seventh time.
50. The man is seen looking at the camera for a forty-eighth time.
51. The man is seen looking at the camera for a forty-ninth time.
52. The man is seen looking at the camera for a fiftieth time.
53. The man is seen looking at the camera for a fiftieth time.
54. The man is seen looking at the camera for a fiftieth time.
"55. The man is seen looking at the camera"",1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A woman is standing in a grassy field, holding a hula hoop."
2. She starts to twirl the hula hoop around her waist.
3. She continues to twirl the hula hoop, and it becomes more difficult to maintain the spin.
"4. She stops twirling the hula hoop and starts to walk away from the camera."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A man in a white shirt is seen walking towards the camera."
2. The man is then grabbed by another man, who is also in a white shirt.
3. The man grabbed is thrown to the ground, and the other man appears to be holding him down.
4. The man on the ground is then punched in the face.
5. The man on the ground is then kicked in the face.
6. The man who threw the other man to the ground is then punched in the face.
7. The man who was punched in the face is then kicked in the face.
8. The man who was kicked in the face is then punched in the face.
9. The man who was punched in the face is then kicked in the face.
10. The man who was kicked in the face is then punched in the face.

"These events are captured in a series of short, rapid-fire shots, showcasing the escalating violence between the two men."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a person standing in a gym, possibly on a basketball court."
2. The person starts to walk away from the camera, leaving the basketball court.
3. The person then walks towards the camera, possibly to show the basketball court or to engage in a conversation.
4. The person is seen walking towards the camera, and the camera is turned on.
"5. The person is seen walking towards the camera, and the camera is turned off."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""The video shows a person preparing a cake, which is a key event or action. The person is seen placing a cake on a table, and the cake appears to be frosted and ready for serving. This event is captured in the following sequence:"

1. The person is seen placing the frosted cake on the table.
2. The cake is placed on the table, and the person is seen placing the cake on a plate.
3. The person is seen placing the cake on a plate, and the cake is placed on the table.
4. The person is seen placing the cake on a plate, and the cake is placed on the table.

"These events are captured in a continuous sequence, showcasing the process of preparing and placing the cake on the table."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a dog walking down a sidewalk, followed by a person walking behind the dog."
2. The dog stops and looks back at the person, who is walking behind it.
3. The person starts to walk away from the dog, and the dog continues to walk down the sidewalk.
4. The person turns around and starts to walk back towards the dog.
5. The dog continues to walk down the sidewalk, and the person walks alongside it.
6. The person and the dog reach the end of the sidewalk, and the person turns to walk away from the dog.
"7. The dog continues to walk down the sidewalk, and the person walks away from it."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00 - The video begins with a woman standing in a gym, holding a punching bag."

0:05 - The woman is seen practicing her punches, swinging the punching bag.

0:10 - She is seen jumping up and down, possibly to increase her energy and momentum for her punches.

0:15 - The woman is seen swinging the punching bag, demonstrating her technique and control.

0:20 - She is seen jumping up and down again, possibly to improve her punching power or to maintain her balance during the exercise.

0:25 - The woman is seen practicing her punches, focusing on her technique and form.

"0:30 - The video ends with the woman standing in the gym, holding the punching bag."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""In the video, a man is sitting in front of a camera and appears to be looking at the camera. He is wearing glasses and has a beard. The video is black and white. The key events or actions in the video are:"

1. The man sitting in front of the camera.
2. The man looking at the camera.
3. The man wearing glasses and having a beard.
"4. The video being black and white."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A man is seen sitting in a chair, wearing a suit and tie, and holding a remote control."
2. The man is talking on a cell phone.
3. He is also watching a video on a TV screen.
4. The man is sitting in the same chair and talking on the phone while the video is playing on the TV.
"5. The man is still sitting in the chair and talking on the phone while the video continues to play on the TV."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A woman is seen playing a game on a Nintendo Wii, holding a Wii remote in her hand."
2. A man is seen holding a Wii remote and appears to be watching the woman play the game.
3. The man is seen holding a Wii remote and appears to be playing a game on the Nintendo Wii.
4. The man and woman are both seen holding Wii remotes, possibly playing a game together.
"5. The man and woman are seen playing a game together, with the man holding a Wii remote and the woman holding a Wii remote as well."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a plate of food, specifically a bowl of soup."
2. The camera then zooms out to show the entire plate, revealing the soup and the surrounding dishes.
3. The camera then zooms in on the soup, focusing on the noodles inside the bowl.
4. The camera zooms out again to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other dishes.
5. The camera zooms in on the soup once more, focusing on the noodles and the broth.
6. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other dishes.
7. The camera zooms in on the soup, focusing on the noodles and the broth.
8. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other dishes.
9. The camera zooms in on the soup, focusing on the noodles and the broth.
10. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other dishes.
11. The camera zooms in on the soup, focusing on the noodles and the broth.
12. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other dishes.
13. The camera zooms in on the soup, focusing on the noodles and the broth.
14. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other dishes.
15. The camera zooms in on the soup, focusing on the noodles and the broth.
16. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other dishes.
17. The camera zooms in on the soup, focusing on the noodles and the broth.
18. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other dishes.
19. The camera zooms in on the soup, focusing on the noodles and the broth.
20. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other dishes.
21. The camera zooms in on the soup, focusing on the noodles and the broth.
22. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other dishes.
23. The camera zooms in on the soup, focusing on the noodles and the broth.
24. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other dishes.
25. The camera zooms in on the soup, focusing on the noodles and the broth.
26. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other dishes.
27. The camera zooms in on the soup, focusing on the noodles and the broth.
28. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other dishes.
29. The camera zooms in on the soup, focusing on the noodles and the broth.
30. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other dishes.
31. The camera zooms in on the soup, focusing on the noodles and the broth.
32. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other dishes.
33. The camera zooms in on the soup, focusing on the noodles and the broth.
34. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other dishes.
35. The camera zooms in on the soup, focusing on the noodles and the broth.
36. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other dishes.
37. The camera zooms in on the soup, focusing on the noodles and the broth.
38. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other dishes.
39. The camera zooms in on the soup, focusing on the noodles and the broth.
40. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other dishes.
41. The camera zooms in on the soup, focusing on the noodles and the broth.
"42. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate, including the soup and the other d"",1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's face, likely a woman, sitting on a couch."
2. The woman is seen sitting on the couch and looking at the camera.
3. The woman is then seen sitting on the couch and talking to the camera.
4. The woman is sitting on the couch and talking to someone, possibly another person in the room.
5. The woman is seen sitting on the couch and engaging in a conversation with someone.
6. The woman is sitting on the couch and talking to someone, possibly a friend or family member.
7. The woman is sitting on the couch and talking to someone, possibly discussing a topic of interest.

"These events are presented in a chronological order, capturing the woman's interactions with the camera and others in the room."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's face."
2. The person is talking to someone, possibly a friend, and they are both sitting on a couch.
3. The person is holding a cell phone and showing it to the other person.
4. The person is explaining something to the other person, possibly about the content they are viewing on the cell phone.
"5. The video ends with the person sitting on the couch, talking to the camera."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a cutting board, which is placed on a counter."
2. A person is seen cutting a piece of food on the cutting board.
3. The person is then seen placing the food on a plate, which is placed on the counter.
4. The person is cutting the food on the cutting board again.
5. The person is seen placing the food on a plate, which is placed on the counter.
6. The person is cutting the food on the cutting board for a third time.
7. The person is seen placing the food on a plate, which is placed on the counter.
8. The person is cutting the food on the cutting board for a fourth time.
9. The person is seen placing the food on a plate, which is placed on the counter.
10. The person is cutting the food on the cutting board for a fifth time.
11. The person is seen placing the food on a plate, which is placed on the counter.
12. The person is cutting the food on the cutting board for a sixth time.
13. The person is seen placing the food on a plate, which is placed on the counter.
14. The person is cutting the food on the cutting board for a seventh time.
15. The person is seen placing the food on a plate, which is placed on the counter.
16. The person is cutting the food on the cutting board for an eighth time.
17. The person is seen placing the food on a plate, which is placed on the counter.
18. The person is cutting the food on the cutting board for a ninth time.
19. The person is seen placing the food on a plate, which is placed on the counter.
20. The person is cutting the food on the cutting board for a tenth time.

"These key events or actions in the video show the person cutting the food on the cutting board multiple times, placing the food on a plate, and repeating the process until the food is finally placed on the plate."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's hand holding a smartphone."
2. The person is using the smartphone to take a video of a kitchen counter.
3. The person then moves the smartphone to show the kitchen counter with a cup on it.
4. The person continues to use the smartphone to take a video of the kitchen counter with a cup on it.
5. The person then moves the smartphone to show the kitchen counter with a cup on it.
6. The person continues to use the smartphone to take a video of the kitchen counter with a cup on it.
7. The person then moves the smartphone to show the kitchen counter with a cup on it.
8. The person continues to use the smartphone to take a video of the kitchen counter with a cup on it.
9. The person then moves the smartphone to show the kitchen counter with a cup on it.
10. The person continues to use the smartphone to take a video of the kitchen counter with a cup on it.

"These are the key events or actions in the video, which show the person using the smartphone to take multiple videos of the kitchen counter with a cup on it."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's hand holding a cell phone, which is placed on a table."
2. The person is then seen sitting at the table, and the camera zooms out to show the entire table.
3. The person starts talking into the cell phone, and the camera captures their conversation.
4. The person is seen typing on the cell phone, possibly sending a message or inputting information.
5. The person is seen looking at the cell phone screen, possibly viewing a message or checking their phone's status.
6. The person is seen putting the cell phone down on the table.
7. The camera zooms out to show the entire table again.

"These events are captured in a chronological order, showcasing the person's actions with the cell phone throughout the video."",1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's hand holding a spoon."
2. The person then moves the spoon towards the camera, showing the spoon's handle.
3. The person then moves the spoon away from the camera, revealing the bowl of food.
4. The person then moves the spoon towards the camera again, showing the spoon's bowl.
"5. The person then moves the spoon away from the camera, and the video ends."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's hand holding a knife."
2. The person then cuts a piece of food using the knife.
3. The person places the knife on a counter or table.
4. The person then picks up the knife and cuts a piece of food again.
5. The person places the knife back on the counter or table.
6. The person then picks up the knife and cuts a piece of food for a third time.
7. The person places the knife back on the counter or table.

"These events are presented in a continuous sequence, with the person cutting food using the knife and then placing it back on the counter or table."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a kitchen counter, featuring various items such as a cup, a bowl, and a spoon."
2. The camera then zooms out to show the entire kitchen, revealing more items like a microwave and a sink.
3. The video then focuses on the microwave, which is being used to heat up food.
4. The camera zooms in on the food inside the microwave, showing it being heated.
5. The video then shows the food being removed from the microwave and placed on a plate.
6. The camera zooms in on the food on the plate, and the person using the microwave is seen in the background.
"7. The video concludes with the person using the microwave and the food on the plate, emphasizing the process of heating the food."",1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a knife on a cutting board."
2. The person then picks up the knife and begins cutting something on the cutting board.
3. The person continues to cut the food on the cutting board, possibly preparing a meal.
4. The person then puts the knife down and picks up a spoon, possibly to serve or eat the food.
5. The person then puts the spoon down and picks up a bowl, possibly to serve or eat the food.
6. The person then puts the bowl down and picks up a fork, possibly to eat the food.
7. The person then puts the fork down and picks up a cup, possibly to drink something.
8. The person then puts the cup down and picks up a spoon, possibly to eat or drink something.
9. The person then puts the spoon down and picks up a bowl, possibly to eat or drink something.
10. The person then puts the bowl down and picks up a knife, possibly to cut or serve the food.

"These actions show the person preparing and consuming a meal, using various utensils and containers throughout the process."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a pan on a stove, showing a frying pan on the stove top."
2. A person is seen stirring the contents of the pan, which appears to be a mixture of food and spices.
3. The person then adds more ingredients to the pan, possibly adding more spices or other ingredients to the dish.
4. The person then adds a lid to the pan, which helps to cook the food more evenly and retain its heat.
5. The person then places the pan on the stove, allowing the food to cook for a few more minutes.
6. The person then removes the pan from the stove, possibly to check the progress of the dish or to serve it.

"These events are presented in chronological order, with each action building on the previous one to create a comprehensive cooking process."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a sink, showing a dish being washed in the sink."
2. A person is then seen in the background, likely the person responsible for washing the dishes.
3. The person then moves to the stove, where they are seen cooking.
4. The person then goes to the sink and starts washing the dishes again.
5. The person then goes to the oven, where they are seen cooking.
6. The person then goes back to the sink and washes the dishes once more.
7. The person then goes to the refrigerator, where they are seen looking inside.
8. The person then goes back to the sink and washes the dishes for the final time.

"The key events or actions in the video are the person washing dishes in the sink, cooking on the stove, and looking inside the refrigerator. The sequence of events is chronological, with the person moving from one area to another as they complete tasks in the kitchen."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's hand holding a cell phone."
2. The person is then seen using the cell phone, possibly typing or interacting with the device.
3. The person then picks up a knife, which is placed on a counter.
4. The person places the knife down on the counter and continues using the cell phone.
5. The person then picks up the knife again and places it on the counter.
6. The person then picks up the knife and places it on the counter, possibly preparing to use it.
7. The person then puts the knife down on the counter and continues using the cell phone.

"These events are presented in a chronological order, with the person using the cell phone, picking up the knife, and then using the cell phone again."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a pan, which is a kitchen appliance."
2. A person is seen in the kitchen, possibly preparing food or cleaning the pan.
3. The person is seen wiping the pan with a cloth.
4. The person is seen placing the pan on a stove.
5. The person is seen stirring the pan on the stove.
6. The person is seen taking the pan off the stove.
7. The person is seen placing the pan in a sink.
8. The person is seen washing the pan in the sink.
9. The person is seen drying the pan with a towel.
10. The person is seen placing the pan back on the stove.

"These events are presented in a chronological order, with each action building on the previous one, showcasing the process of cleaning and preparing the pan for use."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video starts with a close-up of a kitchen counter, featuring a sink, a cup, and a spoon."
2. The camera then pans to the left, showing the kitchen cabinets and a refrigerator.
3. The camera continues to pan to the right, revealing a microwave and a stove.
4. The camera then zooms in on the microwave, focusing on its door.
"5. The video ends with the camera returning to the kitchen counter, where the cup and spoon are still present."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's hand holding a knife."
2. The person then moves the knife towards the camera, possibly demonstrating a cutting technique.
3. The person then moves the knife towards a bowl, possibly preparing to cut something.
4. The person then moves the knife towards a cutting board, possibly to cut a piece of food.
5. The person then moves the knife towards a cup, possibly to cut a piece of fruit or vegetable.
6. The person then moves the knife towards a bowl, possibly to cut a piece of food.
7. The person then moves the knife towards a cutting board, possibly to cut a piece of food.
8. The person then moves the knife towards a cup, possibly to cut a piece of fruit or vegetable.
9. The person then moves the knife towards a cutting board, possibly to cut a piece of food.
10. The person then moves the knife towards a bowl, possibly to cut a piece of food.
11. The person then moves the knife towards a cutting board, possibly to cut a piece of food.
12. The person then moves the knife towards a cup, possibly to cut a piece of fruit or vegetable.
13. The person then moves the knife towards a cutting board, possibly to cut a piece of food.
14. The person then moves the knife towards a bowl, possibly to cut a piece of food.
15. The person then moves the knife towards a cutting board, possibly to cut a piece of food.
16. The person then moves the knife towards a cup, possibly to cut a piece of fruit or vegetable.
17. The person then moves the knife towards a cutting board, possibly to cut a piece of food.
18. The person then moves the knife towards a bowl, possibly to cut a piece of food.
19. The person then moves the knife towards a cutting board, possibly to cut a piece of food.
20. The person then moves the knife towards a cup, possibly to cut a piece of fruit or vegetable.


"These actions demonstrate the person's skill in using a knife to cut various food items, such as fruits, vegetables, and other ingredients."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a cutting board, which is placed on a counter."
2. The cutting board is then covered with various ingredients, including a knife.
3. The user then starts cutting the ingredients on the cutting board.
4. The user continues to cut the ingredients, and the cutting board becomes more cluttered with various ingredients.
5. The user finishes cutting the ingredients and places the knife back on the cutting board.
6. The cutting board is then wiped clean with a cloth.
"7. The video ends with the cutting board being placed back on the counter."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's hand holding a knife."
2. The person then cuts a piece of food, possibly a vegetable, with the knife.
3. The person then places the food on a cutting board.
4. The person then cuts another piece of food, possibly a vegetable, with the knife.
5. The person then places the second piece of food on the cutting board.
6. The person then cuts a third piece of food, possibly a vegetable, with the knife.
7. The person then places the third piece of food on the cutting board.
8. The person then cuts a fourth piece of food, possibly a vegetable, with the knife.
9. The person then places the fourth piece of food on the cutting board.
10. The person then cuts a fifth piece of food, possibly a vegetable, with the knife.
11. The person then places the fifth piece of food on the cutting board.
12. The person then cuts a sixth piece of food, possibly a vegetable, with the knife.
13. The person then places the sixth piece of food on the cutting board.
14. The person then cuts a seventh piece of food, possibly a vegetable, with the knife.
15. The person then places the seventh piece of food on the cutting board.
16. The person then cuts an eighth piece of food, possibly a vegetable, with the knife.
17. The person then places the eighth piece of food on the cutting board.
18. The person then cuts a ninth piece of food, possibly a vegetable, with the knife.
19. The person then places the ninth piece of food on the cutting board.
20. The person then cuts a tenth piece of food, possibly a vegetable, with the knife.
21. The person then places the tenth piece of food on the cutting board.
22. The person then cuts an eleventh piece of food, possibly a vegetable, with the knife.
23. The person then places the eleventh piece of food on the cutting board.
24. The person then cuts a twelfth piece of food, possibly a vegetable, with the knife.
25. The person then places the twelfth piece of food on the cutting board.
26. The person then cuts a thirteenth piece of food, possibly a vegetable, with the knife.
27. The person then places the thirteenth piece of food on the cutting board.
28. The person then cuts a fourteenth piece of food, possibly a vegetable, with the knife.
29. The person then places the fourteenth piece of food on the cutting board.
30. The person then cuts a final piece of food, possibly a vegetable, with the knife.
31. The person then places the final piece of food on the cutting board.
"32. The video ends with the person holding the knife."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's hand holding a spoon."
2. The person then moves the spoon towards the camera, possibly stirring something in a bowl.
3. The person then picks up a cup and pours liquid into it.
4. The person then picks up a bottle and pours liquid into the cup.
5. The person then places the cup on a counter.
6. The person then picks up the spoon and places it on the cup.
7. The person then picks up a bowl and pours liquid into the cup.
8. The person then picks up the cup and drinks from it.
9. The person then puts the cup down on the counter.

"These events are presented in a chronological order, with the person performing various actions involving the spoon, cup, and bottle, ultimately drinking from the cup."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a microwave, which is located on a counter."
2. The microwave is then shown with the door open, revealing its interior.
3. A person is seen placing a bowl inside the microwave.
4. The microwave door is then closed, and the person is seen walking away from the microwave.
5. The microwave is shown again, with the door open, and the person is seen placing a bowl inside the microwave.
6. The microwave door is closed, and the person is seen walking away from the microwave.
7. The microwave is shown with the door open, and the person is seen placing a bowl inside the microwave.
8. The microwave door is closed, and the person is seen walking away from the microwave.
9. The microwave is shown with the door open, and the person is seen placing a bowl inside the microwave.
10. The microwave door is closed, and the person is seen walking away from the microwave.

"These events are presented in a chronological order, with the person placing a bowl inside the microwave and walking away from it multiple times."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video starts with a close-up of a cup of coffee on a table."
2. A microwave is turned on, and a bowl is placed inside it.
3. The microwave is turned off, and the bowl is removed from the microwave.
4. The bowl is placed on the table next to the cup of coffee.
"5. The video ends with the cup of coffee and the bowl on the table."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. A person is seen opening a refrigerator and taking out a plate."
2. The person is placing the plate on a countertop.
3. The person is placing a bowl on the plate.
4. The person is placing a knife on the plate.
5. The person is placing a spoon on the plate.
6. The person is placing a cup on the plate.
7. The person is closing the refrigerator.

"These events are presented in a chronological order, with the person opening the refrigerator, placing the plate on the countertop, and adding various items to the plate."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""1. The video shows a kitchen counter with various items, including a microwave, a bowl, and a spoon."
2. A person is seen in the kitchen, possibly preparing food or cleaning up.
3. The person is seen placing a bowl on the counter, possibly after using the microwave.
4. The person is also seen taking a spoon out of the bowl.
5. The person is seen placing the spoon on the counter.
6. The person is seen wiping the spoon with a cloth.
7. The person is seen placing the spoon back into the bowl.
8. The person is seen placing the bowl back on the counter.
9. The person is seen taking a bowl off the counter.
10. The person is seen placing the bowl on the counter.
11. The person is seen taking a spoon out of the bowl.
12. The person is seen placing the spoon on the counter.
13. The person is seen wiping the spoon with a cloth.
14. The person is seen placing the spoon back into the bowl.
15. The person is seen placing the bowl back on the counter.

"These events are presented in a somewhat disorganized manner, but they generally follow a sequence of actions involving the kitchen items and the person."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a busy street with a mix of people and vehicles, including cars and a truck. There are also several bicycles present in the scene. The street appears to be crowded, with pedestrians walking around and vehicles moving through the area. The overall atmosphere suggests a lively urban environment, where people are going about their daily activities. The presence of multiple bicycles indicates that cycling is a popular mode of transportation in this location, contributing to the bustling atmosphere of the street."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a man sitting in a room, possibly a living room, with a dog. The man is engaged in a conversation with another person, possibly a woman, who is not visible in the frame. The dog is also present in the room, and it appears to be a small dog. The scene takes place in a residential setting, with the man and the dog sharing the space together. The conversation between the man and the other person seems to be casual and friendly, as they are sitting close to each other and engaging in conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is seen walking down a sidewalk, possibly in a park or a residential area. They are accompanied by a dog, which is on a leash. The person is also holding a cell phone, possibly capturing the moment or using it for navigation. The scene takes place in a location with a mix of natural elements, such as grass and trees, and man-made structures, like sidewalks and buildings. The overall atmosphere seems to be casual and relaxed, with the person and their dog enjoying their walk together."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a location, likely a park, where they are engaging in various activities. Some individuals are sitting on benches, while others are standing around. There is also a person riding a skateboard, which suggests that the location is suitable for recreational activities. The group seems to be enjoying their time together, with some people chatting and others simply relaxing. The presence of a skateboard indicates that the park offers a space for people to engage in outdoor sports and leisure activities. Overall, the video captures a casual and friendly atmosphere where people are spending time together in a shared outdoor space."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is seen sitting in a room with a laptop. The room appears to be a living room, and there are multiple chairs and a table in the space. The person is engaged in an activity on the laptop, which could be related to work, entertainment, or communication. The presence of multiple chairs and a table suggests that this could be a shared living area where people gather to relax, work, or socialize. The video captures a moment of everyday life, where people use technology to stay connected, entertained, or productive in their personal spaces."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a location, possibly a park or a street. They are standing and walking around, interacting with each other. Some individuals are talking, while others are engaged in activities such as playing with a dog. There are also cars parked nearby, indicating that the location might be a popular spot for people to gather or park their vehicles. The overall atmosphere appears to be casual and social, with people enjoying each other's company and engaging in various activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a man is sitting on a bench in a city street, possibly in a park. He is wearing a black shirt and a black hat. The scene takes place in a busy area with cars passing by, and there are multiple people walking around. The man is engaged in a conversation with someone off-camera, and he is also seen looking at his cell phone. The overall atmosphere of the video is lively and bustling, with people going about their daily activities in the city."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a location, possibly a street or a park. They are standing around and interacting with each other. Some individuals are talking, while others are walking around the area. The scene appears to be casual and social, with people enjoying each other's company and engaging in conversations. The presence of multiple people and their interactions suggest that this gathering could be a casual meetup, a community event, or a simple gathering of friends and acquaintances."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a man is sitting in a car and talking to someone on a cell phone. The car is parked in a parking lot, and there is a building nearby. The man is engaged in a conversation, possibly discussing something with the person on the phone. The scene takes place in a parking lot, which suggests that the man might be attending an event or visiting a nearby location. The presence of the building indicates that the location could be a commercial or public space, such as a shopping mall, office building, or a restaurant. Overall, the video captures a moment of everyday life where a person is using their cell phone while in a car, possibly attending to personal or professional matters."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a location, possibly a park or a forest. They are standing around and interacting with each other, with some of them walking around the area. The scene appears to be casual and relaxed, with individuals engaging in conversation and enjoying each other's company. The presence of trees and greenery suggests that the location is a natural setting, which might be a popular spot for socializing and spending time outdoors."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a location, possibly a room or an outdoor area. They are engaged in various activities, such as talking to each other, sitting on chairs, and standing around. There is also a person sitting on a chair, possibly listening to someone else. The scene appears to be casual and informal, with people interacting and enjoying each other's company. The presence of chairs and the overall atmosphere suggest that this gathering might be a social event or a casual meet-up among friends or acquaintances."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a car and talking to someone on a cell phone. The car is parked in a parking lot, and there is a building nearby. The person is engaged in a conversation, possibly discussing their plans or sharing information with the person on the other end of the call. The presence of the building suggests that the location might be a commercial or public space, such as a shopping center, office complex, or a restaurant. The person in the car is using their cell phone to stay connected and communicate with others, highlighting the importance of mobile communication in today's society."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a man is sitting in a living room, holding a dog in his lap. The dog is looking at the camera, and the man is also looking at the camera. The living room appears to be well-decorated, with a couch and a chair in the background. The scene suggests a cozy and comfortable atmosphere, where the man and the dog are enjoying each other's company. The man's attention is directed towards the camera, which might indicate that he is engaging in a conversation or sharing a moment with the viewer. Overall, the video captures a warm and friendly interaction between the man and his dog in a well-decorated living room."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is riding a bicycle in a parking lot with multiple bicycles parked around them. The person is riding the bicycle down a row of parked bicycles, navigating through the area. The scene takes place in a parking lot, which is a common location for people to park their bicycles when not in use. The person appears to be confidently riding the bicycle, possibly commuting or enjoying a leisurely ride in the parking lot. The presence of multiple bicycles in the parking lot suggests that it is a popular spot for bicycle users in the area."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a location, possibly a restaurant or a bar. They are sitting around a table, with some of them holding drinks in their hands. There are also bottles and cups on the table, suggesting that they are enjoying a meal or a drink together. The atmosphere appears to be casual and social, with people engaging in conversation and enjoying each other's company. The presence of a cell phone on the table indicates that they might be capturing memories or sharing content with others. Overall, the scene depicts a relaxed and friendly gathering of people in a shared space."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is seen walking into a room with a large wooden door. Inside the room, there are multiple people sitting around a table, engaging in conversation. Some of them are holding cups, which suggests that they might be having a drink or snack. There is also a potted plant in the room, adding a touch of greenery to the space. The atmosphere appears to be casual and relaxed, with people enjoying each other's company. The room seems to be a comfortable and inviting space for socializing and spending time together."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is seen sitting in a room, possibly a living room, and talking to someone on a cell phone. The person is also holding a remote control. There is a TV in the room, and the person is using the remote to control the TV. The scene takes place in a house, where the person is engaged in a conversation while simultaneously managing the TV. The overall atmosphere appears to be casual and relaxed, with the person enjoying their time at home."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a location, possibly a park or a field. They are standing around and interacting with each other, engaging in various activities. Some individuals are sitting on the ground, while others are standing. There are also a few people walking around the area. The overall atmosphere appears to be casual and social, with people enjoying each other's company and participating in conversations. The setting seems to be a relaxed and informal gathering, where people can spend time together and engage in leisurely activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a location, possibly a park or a public space. They are engaged in various activities, such as walking, sitting, and standing. Some individuals are also seen talking to each other. The atmosphere appears to be casual and relaxed, with people enjoying their time together. The presence of a handbag suggests that one of the individuals might be a woman, and the group may be friends or acquaintances spending time together in the outdoor setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a man is sitting in a room, possibly a living room, and is holding a phone. He is engaged in a video call with someone, and they are discussing a topic. The man is also holding a white cup, which suggests that he might be drinking something. The room appears to be well-lit, and the overall atmosphere seems to be casual and relaxed. The video captures a moment of everyday life, where the man is communicating with someone, possibly sharing a drink, and enjoying his time in the room."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a busy airport with a large runway and multiple airplanes on the tarmac. There are also several cars and trucks present in the area, indicating that the airport is bustling with activity. The airport appears to be a hub for both commercial and private aviation, as evidenced by the presence of both large jets and smaller planes. The scene takes place during daytime, with the sun shining brightly, creating a vibrant atmosphere. The video captures the essence of an active airport, showcasing the movement of vehicles and aircraft as they navigate the busy tarmac and prepare for takeoff or arrival."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a large, open area with a mountainous backdrop. They are standing and walking around, possibly engaging in conversations or enjoying the scenery. The location appears to be a natural setting, possibly a park or a mountainous region, where people can appreciate the beauty of the landscape while socializing with others. The presence of a mountain in the background adds to the picturesque atmosphere of the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is seen walking through a forest, with trees surrounding them. They are also holding a camera, capturing the beauty of the natural surroundings. The person is walking down a path, and there are birds in the area, adding to the serene atmosphere. The forest appears to be lush and green, providing a peaceful environment for the person to explore and enjoy. The presence of the camera suggests that the person might be a nature enthusiast or a photographer, capturing the moments and beauty of the forest for others to appreciate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a location, likely a park or a similar outdoor setting. They are engaged in various activities, such as playing with a Frisbee, riding bicycles, and walking around. The scene is set during the day, with the sun shining brightly, creating a pleasant atmosphere for the group to enjoy their time together. The presence of multiple individuals and their shared interests suggests that this gathering could be a casual social event, a friendly meet-up, or even a sports event involving Frisbee or bicycle riding. Overall, the video captures a lively and enjoyable moment shared by the group of people in the outdoor setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is seen walking down a rocky path, possibly in a mountainous area. They are also carrying a backpack. The scene is set in a natural environment, with a rocky terrain and a forest nearby. The person appears to be exploring the area, possibly on a hike or a journey. The presence of the backpack suggests that they might be carrying essential items for their trip, such as food, water, or other supplies. Overall, the video captures a moment of adventure and exploration in a picturesque natural setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a location, possibly a park or a field. They are standing around, engaging in conversations, and enjoying each other's company. There are several individuals present, and they seem to be having a good time. The atmosphere appears to be relaxed and friendly, as people are standing close to one another and interacting. The presence of a dirt field suggests that the location might be outdoors, providing a natural and open space for the group to gather and socialize."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a parking lot, standing around a car. There are several cars in the parking lot, and some of them appear to be parked or waiting for someone. The people in the parking lot are engaged in various activities, such as talking to each other, walking around, and possibly waiting for their cars. The overall atmosphere seems to be casual and relaxed, as people are socializing and interacting with each other in the parking lot."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a chef is preparing food in a kitchen, using various utensils and ingredients. The chef is cutting up vegetables on a cutting board, which is placed on a dining table. The chef is also using a knife to chop up ingredients. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped, with multiple items such as a bottle, a bowl, and a cup visible in the scene. The chef is working diligently to create a delicious meal, showcasing their culinary skills and expertise in the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a busy city street with a large building in the background. There are multiple people walking around, some of them carrying handbags, and a car is also visible. The street appears to be crowded, with many pedestrians and vehicles moving around. The scene takes place in a city setting, where people are going about their daily activities, such as commuting, shopping, or running errands. The presence of a large building in the background suggests that the location might be in a commercial or business district, where people often visit for work or leisure."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a location, possibly a beach or a park. They are standing around, engaging in conversations, and enjoying each other's company. Some individuals are sitting on the ground, while others are standing. There are also a few people walking around, and some are carrying backpacks. The overall atmosphere appears to be casual and relaxed, with people spending time together and enjoying their time outdoors."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a grassy field or park, likely enjoying a picnic or outdoor event. They are sitting on the grass and engaging in various activities, such as talking, eating, and playing. The presence of a pond nearby adds to the picturesque setting, making it an ideal location for a relaxing and social gathering. The group seems to be having a good time, as they are laughing and enjoying each other's company. The overall atmosphere of the video is one of leisure, camaraderie, and shared enjoyment of the outdoors."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a yard, with some of them sitting on the grass and others standing around. They are engaged in various activities, such as talking, laughing, and playing with a dog. There is also a child present, who is sitting on the ground and playing with a toy. The scene takes place in a residential area, with a house visible in the background. The atmosphere appears to be friendly and relaxed, as the group enjoys each other's company and spends time together in the yard."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a large building, possibly a church. They are engaged in various activities, such as walking around, sitting, and standing. Some individuals are also talking to each other, suggesting a social atmosphere. The building appears to be old and possibly ornate, with a high ceiling and possibly a clock tower. The people in the video seem to be enjoying their time together, participating in conversations, and exploring the space."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is seen walking through a grassy area, possibly a park, with a dog on a leash. The dog is also on a leash, and they are both walking towards the camera. The scene takes place in a grassy field, with some trees visible in the background. The person and the dog appear to be enjoying their time together, and the dog is wearing a harness, which suggests that it might be a working or service dog. The overall atmosphere of the video is peaceful and relaxed, with the dog and its owner enjoying a leisurely walk in the outdoors."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a group of people gathered at a waterfall in a forest. They are standing around the waterfall, enjoying the view and the natural surroundings. Some of them are jumping into the water, while others are standing on rocks near the waterfall. The group seems to be having a good time together, taking advantage of the picturesque setting and the refreshing water. The presence of the waterfall adds a sense of tranquility and beauty to the scene, making it an ideal location for a group outing or a relaxing day in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a location, possibly a park or a courtyard. They are engaged in various activities, such as walking around, sitting on benches, and interacting with each other. Some individuals are also seen playing with a dog, which adds to the lively atmosphere of the scene. The group seems to be enjoying their time together, taking advantage of the outdoor space to socialize, relax, and spend quality time with one another."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered at a location, possibly a park or a backyard, where they are enjoying themselves. They are engaged in various activities, such as playing with a blue and red inflatable water slide, which is a popular attraction for children and adults alike. The slide is located near a pool, and there are also other people present in the area. The scene suggests a fun and lively atmosphere, with people of different ages participating in the activities and enjoying their time together."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is standing in a room filled with various objects, including a pile of rocks, a plant, and a fish tank. The person appears to be looking at the fish tank and possibly discussing it with someone else. The room also contains a chair and a table, which adds to the overall cluttered appearance of the space. The person seems to be engaged in a conversation or exploring the room, possibly discussing the fish tank or the objects in the room."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered on a beach, enjoying their time together. They are standing near the water, possibly engaging in various activities such as swimming, sunbathing, or simply socializing. The beach setting provides a relaxing and inviting atmosphere for the group to unwind and have a good time. The presence of a boat in the background suggests that the beach might be near a body of water where boating activities take place, adding to the overall appeal of the location."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is riding a motorcycle down a street, possibly in a city or urban area. The rider is wearing a helmet and is surrounded by buildings, which suggests that they are navigating through a densely populated area. The rider is also seen riding down a hill, which adds an element of excitement and challenge to the journey. The presence of other vehicles, such as cars, indicates that the rider is sharing the road with other road users. Overall, the video captures a thrilling moment of the rider enjoying their ride while navigating the city streets."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of people is standing on a track, likely preparing for a race. There are several individuals in the group, and they are all lined up along the track. One of the men is wearing a suit, which might suggest that he is a coach or an official. The group is standing in a line, with some people holding their hands on their hips, possibly to maintain balance or to signal their readiness for the race. The scene takes place in a grassy field, which is a common location for outdoor track events. The presence of the suit-wearing man and the group's alignment along the track indicate that this is a formal or organized event, likely a track meet or competition."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a man is seen riding a sailboat on a large body of water, possibly a lake or ocean. He is actively maneuvering the sailboat, navigating through the waves and enjoying the thrill of sailing. The sailboat is equipped with a sail, which the man uses to harness the power of the wind to propel the boat forward. The scene captures the excitement and adventure of sailing, as the man skillfully controls the sailboat, showcasing his expertise in handling the vessel."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a man is standing in front of a whiteboard, possibly in a classroom setting. He is holding a piece of paper and pointing at a diagram on the board. The diagram appears to be a mathematical representation, possibly a geometric shape or a graph. The man is likely explaining or teaching the concept to the audience, which could be students or colleagues. The scene suggests an educational or professional context where the man is sharing his knowledge or expertise with others."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is sitting at a table, holding a piece of paper. They are using a pen to write on the paper, possibly taking notes or working on a task. The scene takes place in a room, which could be a home, office, or any other indoor space. The person appears to be focused on their task, as they are using a pen and paper to complete it. The video captures a moment of productivity and concentration, showcasing the individual's ability to work effectively in a variety of settings."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a man is sitting in a room with a phone in his hand, talking on the phone. There are also several other items in the room, such as a toy car, a toy fire hydrant, and a toy telephone. The scene appears to be a playful and imaginative setting, possibly a child's room, where the man is engaging in a pretend phone conversation. The presence of the toys suggests that the man is using his imagination to create a fun and engaging environment, possibly for entertainment or to interact with others."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is riding a horse in a field. The rider is wearing a white shirt and a brown jacket, and the horse is brown in color. The scene takes place in a grassy field, which is a suitable location for horse riding. The rider appears to be enjoying the experience, as they are smiling while riding the horse. The overall atmosphere of the video is leisurely and relaxing, as the rider and the horse are enjoying their time together in the open field."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a man is sitting on a bed and playing a guitar. He is holding the guitar and playing it, possibly in a room with a bed and a chair. The man appears to be enjoying his time playing the guitar, which suggests that he might be a musician or simply someone who enjoys playing music for leisure. The setting appears to be a casual and comfortable environment, with the man sitting on the bed and engaging in his hobby."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a bedroom is shown with a large bed, a window, and a chair. The room appears to be well-lit, creating a comfortable and inviting atmosphere. The bed is neatly made, and there is a TV in the room, suggesting that the space is designed for relaxation and entertainment. The presence of a chair and a window indicates that the room is designed for both rest and leisure activities, such as reading or enjoying the view outside. Overall, the video captures a cozy and functional living space that caters to the occupant's needs and preferences."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a man is preparing a meal in a kitchen, specifically making a spicy sauce. He is using a bowl and a spoon to mix the ingredients together. The kitchen appears to be a small, cluttered space with various items such as bottles, a spoon, and a bowl. The man is also seen holding a bottle, which might contain the spicy sauce or another ingredient. The overall scene depicts a man cooking in a small kitchen, focusing on the process of making a spicy sauce."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a white dog is laying on the floor, possibly in a kitchen or a living room. The dog appears to be pregnant, as it has a large belly. The dog is rolling on the floor, possibly due to discomfort or playfulness. The scene takes place in a residential setting, with the dog surrounded by various household items such as a refrigerator and a counter. The dog's actions and the presence of the refrigerator suggest that it might be a pet living with a family, and the dog's pregnancy could indicate that it is expecting puppies soon."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a white cat is sitting on a bed, looking at a wall. The cat appears to be staring at a light or a reflection on the wall, which could be a result of sunlight or another light source. The cat's attention is focused on the light, and it seems to be intrigued or curious about it. The scene takes place in a bedroom, where the cat is comfortably resting on the bed. This moment captures the cat's natural curiosity and interest in its surroundings."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a man is walking through a grassy field with a backpack, holding a camera and a tripod. He appears to be taking photos or recording a video of the surrounding area. The man is also talking on his cell phone, possibly discussing his plans or sharing his experiences with someone. The scene takes place in a natural setting, with the man navigating the field and capturing the beauty of the environment. The combination of the man's activities and the presence of the camera and tripod suggest that he is engaged in a creative or recreational pursuit, such as photography or filmmaking."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of men dressed in uniforms, specifically in military or band uniforms, are standing in a grassy field. They are holding various musical instruments, such as trumpets, and appear to be preparing for a performance or rehearsal. The setting suggests that they might be part of a military band or a local community band, as they are dressed in uniforms and are gathered together in a field. The presence of the instruments and their uniforms indicate that they are likely to be skilled musicians and performers, showcasing their talents and possibly participating in a special event or ceremony."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a street scene with a car driving down a road, trees in the background, and a person walking on the sidewalk. The car is driving down a street with trees on both sides, and the person is walking on the sidewalk next to the road. The street appears to be a quiet, residential area with a mix of natural elements and human activity. The presence of the car and the person walking suggests that this location is accessible to pedestrians and vehicles, possibly for commuting or leisurely strolls."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is cooking a large pot of pasta on the stove. They are using a large spoon to stir the pasta, which is filled with sauce. The cooking process involves the person constantly stirring the pot to ensure the pasta cooks evenly and the sauce is well-mixed. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped with a stove, a sink, and a cupboard. The cooking process is taking place in a kitchen setting, with the person actively engaged in preparing the pasta dish."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, an older woman is sitting in a living room, possibly in a house or an apartment. She is wearing a red shirt and glasses. The scene takes place during the day, and the woman is engaged in a conversation with someone, possibly a friend or a family member. The woman is also seen opening a door, which could be a window or a door to another room. The video captures a moment of everyday life, showcasing the woman's interactions and activities within her living space."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered at a beach, enjoying various activities. Some individuals are swimming in the ocean, while others are playing with a frisbee. There is also a dog present in the scene, which is playing with a frisbee as well. The beach setting and the presence of people and animals suggest a lively and fun atmosphere, with people engaging in recreational activities and spending time together."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a group of men riding horses in a field. They are wearing cowboy hats and are likely participating in a horseback riding activity or event. The men are riding their horses in a line, which suggests they might be practicing riding techniques or participating in a competition. The setting appears to be a rural or countryside location, which is a common backdrop for horseback riding activities and events. The men are enjoying their time together and showcasing their horsemanship skills, creating a sense of camaraderie and shared enjoyment of the activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of men is working together in a bakery, preparing dough for making pastries. They are seen kneading the dough, which is a crucial step in the baking process. The men are working in a well-equipped bakery, with various tools and equipment available to assist them in their tasks. The bakery appears to be a busy and efficient workspace, with the men working in close proximity to each other. The video captures the collaborative effort and teamwork involved in creating delicious pastries and baked goods."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a location, possibly a bar or a social event. They are engaged in various activities, such as talking to each other, sitting on chairs, and standing around. Some individuals are drinking, while others are socializing and enjoying the atmosphere. The scene appears to be lively and casual, with people interacting and having a good time together. The presence of a cell phone in the scene suggests that the group might be capturing memories or sharing experiences with others through photos or videos. Overall, the video captures a social gathering where people are enjoying each other's company and having a good time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a man standing in a field, holding a baseball bat, and possibly preparing to play a game. He is also wearing a cap, which suggests that he might be a baseball player. The presence of a baseball field indicates that this location is suitable for playing baseball. The man appears to be focused and ready to engage in the game, and his actions suggest that he is either practicing or participating in a baseball match."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a woman in a room, possibly a living room, with a TV in the background. She is sitting on a couch and talking on a cell phone. The scene also includes a cat, which is sitting on the couch next to the woman. The woman is engaged in a conversation on her cell phone, and the cat is watching her. The room appears to be a comfortable and cozy space for relaxation and socializing."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a room, likely a dance studio or a similar space. They are engaged in various activities, such as dancing and exercising. Some individuals are standing, while others are sitting or lying on the floor. The group appears to be having fun and enjoying themselves, as they are all wearing workout clothes and are involved in physical activities. The presence of a TV in the room suggests that they might be watching a dance or exercise video, which could be contributing to their motivation and enjoyment. Overall, the scene depicts a lively and energetic atmosphere, with people participating in physical activities and socializing with one another."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a large crowd of people is gathered in a stadium or arena, likely attending a sports event or a concert. The attendees are engaged in various activities, such as watching the event, cheering, and possibly participating in the event itself. There are also horses present in the scene, which could indicate that the event involves equestrian activities or a performance involving horses. The overall atmosphere is lively and energetic, with people enjoying themselves and the entertainment provided by the event."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a large group of people is gathered in a public space, possibly a street or a park. They are dressed in matching outfits, which suggests that they might be part of a group or organization. The people are engaged in various activities, such as walking, standing, and interacting with each other. Some individuals are holding umbrellas, which could indicate that it is raining or that they are using them for protection from the sun. The overall atmosphere appears to be lively and social, with people enjoying their time together in the public space."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a man working out in a gym, specifically focusing on using a barbell and a weight rack. He is lifting the barbell and performing exercises with the help of the weight rack. The gym appears to be well-equipped with various equipment, including a bench, a weight rack, and a barbell. The man is seen in the process of lifting the barbell, which indicates that he is engaging in a strength training workout. The gym setting suggests that the man is dedicated to maintaining his physical fitness and health."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a woman is seen standing in a living room, holding a hula hoop. She is wearing a pink shirt and appears to be in a casual setting. The woman is also seen sitting on a couch, which is located in the same room. Additionally, there is a piano in the room, suggesting that the living room might be a part of a larger space, such as a house or apartment. The scene captures a moment of leisure and relaxation, with the woman enjoying her time in the living room."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a man is sitting in a boat on a lake, surrounded by a forest. He is holding a paddle and appears to be rowing the boat. The scene takes place in a natural environment, with the presence of trees and water, creating a serene atmosphere. The man's actions suggest that he is enjoying a leisurely activity, such as fishing or simply relaxing on the lake. The combination of the calm water, the forest, and the man's presence in the boat creates a peaceful and tranquil setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a woman is standing in a grassy field, holding a hula hoop. She is wearing a green shirt and appears to be enjoying herself. The scene takes place in a rural area, with a grassy field and a dirt road nearby. The woman is engaged in an outdoor activity, which could be a form of exercise or simply a fun pastime. The presence of the hula hoop suggests that she might be practicing her hula hooping skills or participating in a casual game with friends or family. The overall atmosphere of the video is relaxed and leisurely, showcasing the woman's enjoyment of the outdoors and her ability to engage in light-hearted activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a room, likely a gym or a similar indoor space. They are engaged in various activities, such as playing video games, watching a wrestling match, and socializing. Some individuals are standing and others are sitting, indicating a mix of casual and focused interactions. The presence of a wrestling match suggests that this gathering might be a sports event or a friendly competition among friends. Overall, the scene depicts a lively and social atmosphere where people are enjoying their time together in a shared space."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a gym or a large indoor space, likely a sports facility. They are engaged in various activities, such as playing basketball, as evidenced by the presence of a basketball hoop. The participants are likely to be either practicing, participating in a game, or training for a sporting event. The scene takes place in a well-lit area, with the participants wearing athletic attire and using sports equipment. The overall atmosphere appears to be energetic and focused on physical activity and teamwork."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is seen sitting at a table with a plate of food, which includes a cookie. The person is also holding a cell phone, possibly using it for communication or browsing the internet. The scene takes place in a kitchen, and there are other objects like a cup and a bowl present in the room. The overall atmosphere appears to be casual and relaxed, with the person enjoying their meal and possibly engaging in conversation or leisure activities on their cell phone."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a busy street with a mix of people walking and standing around. There are several individuals walking their dogs, and a man is walking a dog on a leash. Additionally, there are two people sitting on a bench, and a group of people is standing in the street. The scene is bustling with activity, showcasing a typical urban environment with people engaging in various activities, such as walking their pets, socializing, and enjoying the outdoors."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a woman is seen performing a dance routine in a gym or dance studio. She is wearing a yellow shirt and black pants, and she is dancing on a wooden floor. The woman is also seen practicing her moves in front of a mirror, which is a common practice for dancers to ensure proper form and technique. The gym or dance studio appears to be well-equipped with mirrors and other necessary equipment for dance practice. The woman's performance in the video showcases her skill and dedication to the art of dance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a man is sitting in a room, possibly in a living room or a similar setting. He is wearing glasses and appears to be looking at something, possibly a camera. The man is also seen talking on a cell phone, which suggests that he is engaged in a conversation. The scene takes place in a single location, with the man being the main focus of the video. The events occurring in the place are the man sitting, talking on the phone, and possibly looking at something, all happening in the same room."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a man is seen sitting in a room, possibly a living room, and talking on a phone. There is a television in the room, and the man is also holding a remote control. The scene takes place in a location where the man is engaged in a phone conversation, possibly discussing something with someone else. The presence of the television and the remote control suggests that the man might be watching television or controlling the entertainment system while having the phone conversation. The overall setting appears to be a typical indoor living space where the man is multitasking by engaging in a phone call while managing his entertainment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a location, likely a gym or a sports facility, where they are participating in a game or activity. There are two women playing with a yellow box, which could be a part of the game or a training exercise. Additionally, there are two men standing nearby, possibly observing the game or waiting for their turn to play. The scene suggests a friendly and competitive atmosphere, with people engaging in physical activities and enjoying their time together."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a location, possibly a kitchen or a dining area. They are engaged in various activities, such as preparing food, cooking, and eating. There are multiple bowls and cups visible in the scene, suggesting that they are using them for serving or consuming food. The people seem to be enjoying their time together, with some of them sitting around the table, while others are actively participating in the food preparation process. The overall atmosphere appears to be warm and social, with the individuals sharing a meal and bonding over their shared experience."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is sitting on the floor in a room, possibly in a living room or a bedroom. They are holding a cell phone and talking on it. The person is also wearing a white shirt. The scene takes place in a residential setting, with a focus on the person and their interaction with the cell phone. The overall atmosphere seems casual and relaxed, with the person engaging in a conversation on their phone."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a location, possibly a living room or a similar setting. They are engaged in various activities, such as sitting on chairs, standing around, and interacting with each other. Some individuals are looking at a cell phone, which suggests that they might be sharing content or communicating with others through the device. The overall atmosphere appears to be casual and relaxed, with people enjoying their time together. The presence of a cat in the scene adds a touch of warmth and companionship to the gathering."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is seen in a kitchen, preparing food on a counter. They are using a knife to chop up ingredients and a bowl to mix the ingredients. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped with various utensils and appliances, such as a microwave and a sink. The person is also seen cutting up a carrot on the counter. The overall scene depicts a person engaged in cooking or food preparation activities in a well-equipped kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a person in a kitchen, preparing food and interacting with various kitchen appliances such as a microwave, oven, and sink. The person is also seen opening a cupboard and placing items inside it. The scene takes place in a small kitchen, and the person appears to be multitasking, possibly cooking and organizing the kitchen simultaneously. The overall atmosphere of the video suggests a busy and active environment, with the person engaging in various tasks to prepare a meal or maintain the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is sitting at a table with a laptop, possibly in a living room or a similar setting. The person is engaged in a video call, possibly with another person or a group of people. The presence of a laptop and the act of video calling suggest that the person is using technology to communicate and collaborate with others, either for work or personal reasons. The specific details of the conversation or the purpose of the call cannot be determined from the video alone."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is seen washing their hands in a kitchen sink. The sink is filled with water, and the person is using a sponge to clean their hands. The scene takes place in a kitchen, which is a common location for handwashing activities. The presence of a sponge suggests that the person is using a gentle and effective cleaning method to remove dirt and grime from their hands. The overall setting of the video is a typical domestic environment, where handwashing is an essential part of maintaining hygiene and cleanliness."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is seen in a kitchen, preparing food. They are using a knife to chop up ingredients, and there is a bowl and a spoon present in the scene. The person is also standing next to a counter, which has a cup and a bottle on it. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped with various utensils and items for cooking. The overall atmosphere of the video suggests that the person is engaged in a cooking activity, possibly preparing a meal or a dish."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a busy kitchen with various items and appliances, such as a microwave, oven, and a sink. There are also multiple bottles and cups scattered around the kitchen. The kitchen appears to be in use, with people moving around and possibly preparing food. The scene takes place in a residential setting, and it seems to be a shared space where multiple individuals are involved in cooking or other kitchen-related activities. The presence of multiple bottles and cups suggests that the kitchen is being used for meal preparation, and the people in the kitchen are likely engaged in various tasks, such as cooking, cleaning, or socializing."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a person preparing a meal in a kitchen, using various kitchen tools and utensils. They are chopping vegetables and using a knife to cut them. The person is also using a bowl and a spoon to mix ingredients. The kitchen appears to be clean and well-organized, with various items such as a knife, bowl, spoon, and other utensils placed on the counter. The person is likely following a recipe or preparing a meal for themselves or others. The overall scene depicts a typical cooking process in a kitchen setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a kitchen scene where a person is cooking food on a stove. The person is using a spatula to stir the food, and there are multiple bottles and bowls present in the kitchen. The cooking process is taking place on a stove top, and the person appears to be actively engaged in preparing the meal. The kitchen is filled with various items, including bottles and bowls, which suggests that the person might be using these items for cooking or storage purposes. The overall atmosphere of the video is focused on the cooking process and the person's involvement in the task."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is seen in a kitchen, preparing food. They are using a spoon to scoop food onto a plate. The kitchen appears to be clean and well-organized, with a sink and a cup also present. The person is likely multitasking, as they are also engaged in a video call on their cell phone. The kitchen setting suggests that the person might be cooking a meal or preparing a dish for a gathering. The presence of the cell phone indicates that the person might be communicating with someone else or sharing their cooking experience with others. Overall, the video captures a moment of everyday life where the person is combining cooking and communication in a well-organized kitchen environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a person using a computer in a kitchen, with a laptop placed on a counter. The person is likely multitasking, possibly working or browsing the internet while preparing food or engaging in other kitchen-related activities. The presence of a laptop in the kitchen suggests a blend of technology and everyday life, as people increasingly use their devices for various purposes, including cooking and meal preparation. The kitchen environment also implies a sense of comfort and familiarity, as it is a common space for both work and leisure activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a kitchen with various items, such as a sink, a stove, and a microwave. The events occurring in the location include someone using the microwave to heat up food, as well as someone washing dishes in the sink. There is also a spoon present in the scene, which might be used for cooking or eating purposes. The kitchen appears to be a functional space where people can prepare and consume meals, as well as clean up afterward."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is seen in a kitchen, preparing food. They are using various kitchen appliances such as a microwave and a sink. The person is also opening a refrigerator and placing food inside. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped with essential appliances and storage spaces. The person is likely in the process of cooking or preparing a meal, making use of the available resources in the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a kitchen filled with various items, including a sink, a cutting board, a knife, and a spoon. The events occurring in this location include someone cutting food on the cutting board, which is placed on the kitchen counter. The person is using the knife to cut the food, and the spoon is also present on the counter. The kitchen appears to be a busy and functional space, where food preparation and cooking activities take place. The presence of multiple items and the person actively engaged in cutting food suggests that this kitchen is a central part of the household, where meals are prepared and enjoyed."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is seen preparing food in a kitchen. They are using various kitchen utensils, such as a knife and a spoon, to chop ingredients and stir the food. The person is also using a cutting board to prepare the food. Additionally, there are multiple cups and bowls present in the kitchen, which suggests that the person might be preparing a meal for multiple people or using them for different food items. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped with essential tools and utensils, indicating that the person is likely comfortable with cooking and has the necessary resources to prepare a meal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen, with various ingredients and utensils on the counter. The person is cutting vegetables on a cutting board, and there are multiple bowls and cups present in the scene. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped, with a sink, oven, and other appliances. The person is likely in the process of cooking a meal, as they are cutting vegetables and using various utensils. The overall atmosphere of the video suggests a comfortable and functional kitchen environment, where someone is engaged in preparing a meal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, we see a person using a microwave to heat up food. The microwave is located on a countertop, and there are various other kitchen appliances nearby, such as a coffee maker and a sink. The person is likely preparing a meal or reheating food in the kitchen. The presence of multiple appliances and the person's actions suggest that this is a typical kitchen setting where food preparation and cooking take place."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is seen in a kitchen, opening a cupboard and taking out a cup. The kitchen appears to be cluttered with various items, including a microwave, a sink, a refrigerator, and a counter. The person is likely preparing a meal or beverage in the kitchen. The presence of the cupboard and the microwave suggest that the kitchen is equipped with essential appliances and storage spaces for food preparation. The cluttered nature of the kitchen indicates that the person might be in the process of organizing or cleaning the space, which is a common activity in a kitchen environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is seen in a kitchen, preparing food on a counter. They are using various kitchen appliances, such as a microwave, a toaster, and a coffee maker, to cook and heat their meal. The person is also seen opening a cupboard and placing items inside. The kitchen appears to be a small, cluttered space with multiple appliances and utensils. The overall scene depicts a typical day-to-day kitchen scenario where someone is preparing a meal using various kitchen tools and appliances."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""In the video, a person is seen in a kitchen, preparing food on a stove. They are cooking something on the stove, which is located next to a sink. The kitchen appears to be small and has a countertop. The person is using a spoon to stir the food, indicating that they are actively engaged in the cooking process. The presence of the sink suggests that the kitchen is equipped with essential appliances and facilities for food preparation and cleaning. Overall, the video captures a typical kitchen scene where someone is cooking a meal using a stove and a spoon."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a kitchen scene with various objects and appliances, such as a microwave, a sink, a cup, and a spoon. The events occurring in the location include someone preparing food in the kitchen, possibly using the microwave or the stove. The person is also seen washing dishes in the sink, which suggests that they are engaged in cleaning up after cooking. Additionally, there is a cup and a spoon present in the scene, indicating that the person is likely using them for food preparation or serving. Overall, the video captures the essence of a typical kitchen scenario, where people engage in cooking, cleaning, and food preparation activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person holding a sandwich and a cup, possibly in a kitchen or a dining area. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the person's hand holding the sandwich and the cup, and the surrounding environment, which could be a kitchen or a dining area. The person is likely in the process of eating or preparing a meal, as they hold the sandwich and cup. The exact location and time cannot be determined from the video alone, but it provides a snapshot of a moment in which the person is interacting with food and drink."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a man sitting in a room, possibly in a living room or a kitchen, with a laptop on his lap. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the man's location, the presence of the laptop, and the time of day. The man is sitting in a room, which could be a living room or a kitchen, and he is using the laptop. The time of day is not explicitly shown, but it can be inferred that it is daytime, as the man is sitting comfortably in a room with natural light. The video does not provide any further information about the man's surroundings or activities, but it does showcase the man's engagement with the laptop."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are several spatio-temporal contexts that can be identified. The main context is a person sitting on a chair in a room, possibly a living room. The person is holding a cell phone, which suggests that they might be engaged in a phone conversation or using an app. Additionally, there is a clock visible in the room, indicating the time. The presence of the clock and the person's activity with the cell phone suggest that the scene takes place in a domestic setting, possibly during the day. The spatio-temporal contexts provide a snapshot of a typical everyday situation where a person is using a cell phone in their living space."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are two main spatio-temporal contexts: a person is sitting in a room, and a car is driving down a street. The person in the room is watching the car drive by, possibly observing the car's movement or waiting for someone. The car is moving along the street, and the person in the room is situated in a different location, focusing on the car's passing. This scene highlights the contrast between the person's indoor environment and the car's outdoor movement, as well as the connection between the person and the car's presence in the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person sitting in a room, possibly in a kitchen, and using a cell phone. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the person's location within the room, the presence of the cell phone, and the time elapsed during the video. The person is sitting on a chair, which suggests that they are in a relatively comfortable and relaxed environment. The cell phone is an essential item in the scene, as it is being used by the person, possibly for communication, browsing the internet, or engaging in other activities. The time elapsed in the video can be inferred from the person's actions and the duration of the video, which can provide insight into the duration of the activity or conversation taking place."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a group of people in a city, possibly in a park or a street, engaging in various activities. The spatio-temporal context includes a mix of indoor and outdoor settings, with some individuals standing outside and others inside. The people are interacting with each other, possibly sharing a meal, and there is a sense of community and social engagement. The video captures a snapshot of everyday life in the city, highlighting the interactions and activities of the people in the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video features a young woman sitting on a couch, talking to someone on a video call. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the couch, the person on the video call, and the time of day. The woman is sitting on the couch, which suggests a casual and comfortable setting. The person on the video call is not visible, but their presence is implied. The time of day is not explicitly stated, but it can be inferred that it is daytime, as the woman is sitting comfortably on the couch. The video call is likely taking place during a typical day, with the woman engaging in a conversation with someone who is not physically present."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a group of people in a crowded area, possibly a city street or a public gathering. They are engaged in various activities, such as walking, talking, and interacting with each other. The spatio-temporal context highlights the dynamic nature of urban environments, where people come together to socialize, work, or simply enjoy their surroundings. The presence of multiple individuals and their interactions suggest a lively and bustling atmosphere, typical of city life."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person sitting in a car, possibly a driver or a passenger, and they are engaged in a conversation with another person who is not visible in the frame. The spatio-temporal context of the video suggests that the conversation is taking place in a moving vehicle, likely a car, as the person is seated and talking while the car is in motion. The conversation could be about various topics, such as personal matters, discussing the surroundings, or sharing information about their destination. The conversation highlights the importance of communication and interaction in social situations, even when people are in transit."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are two main spatio-temporal contexts: a forest and a car. The forest appears to be a natural setting with trees, bushes, and a dirt road. The car is parked on the side of the road, possibly indicating that the driver has stopped to take a break or explore the surroundings. The video captures a moment where the driver is inside the car, possibly preparing to continue their journey or taking a break from driving. The combination of the forest and the car creates a sense of adventure and exploration, as the driver is experiencing the beauty of nature while being in a vehicle."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are several spatio-temporal contexts that can be identified. The main context is a person sitting in a room, possibly in a living room or a similar setting. The person is holding a cell phone, which is placed on a table. The scene takes place in a single setting, with no indication of movement or change in the environment. The focus of the video is on the person using the cell phone, which suggests that the primary purpose of the video is to capture a moment of the person's interaction with the device."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video features a man sitting in a car, possibly in a parking lot, and he is talking to someone on a cell phone. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the car, the parking lot, and the man's conversation with the person on the cell phone. The car and the parking lot suggest that the man is either arriving or leaving a location, while the conversation on the cell phone indicates that he is engaged in a conversation with someone else, possibly discussing plans, sharing updates, or addressing a matter of importance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a dog is sitting on a table in a living room. The spatio-temporal contexts highlighted in the video include the dog being on a table, which is an unusual and unexpected behavior for a dog. The dog is also in a living room, which is a typical indoor environment for a home. The dog's presence on the table and the living room setting suggest that the video might have been captured during a casual moment or a playful interaction between the dog and its owner or other people in the room."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person riding a bicycle in a parking lot, with a building in the background. The spatio-temporal context highlights the location as an outdoor urban setting, with the bicycle being the primary mode of transportation. The person is likely using the bicycle for commuting, exercise, or leisure purposes, as it is a convenient and eco-friendly means of transportation in such environments. The presence of the parking lot suggests that the area is designed for parking and access to nearby buildings, which could be for commercial, residential, or office purposes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are several spatio-temporal contexts that highlight the main events and activities taking place. The main context is a person sitting at a table with a plate of food in front of them. The person is eating and enjoying their meal. The table is located in a restaurant, which suggests that the person is dining out. The presence of a fork and a knife on the table indicates that the person is using utensils to eat. Additionally, there is a clock on the wall, which implies that the time is being tracked during the meal. The combination of these elements provides a snapshot of a typical dining experience in a restaurant setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are a living room and a bedroom. The living room is filled with furniture, including a couch, a chair, and a coffee table. The bedroom has a bed and a nightstand. The video shows a person sitting on the couch in the living room, and another person sitting on the bed in the bedroom. The living room and bedroom are connected, as the person in the living room can see the person in the bedroom. The video also shows a clock on the wall, which might be in the living room or the bedroom. The overall setting suggests a cozy and comfortable environment for relaxation and socializing."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are two main spatio-temporal contexts: a person is sitting in a room, and the video was taken in the past. The person is sitting in a chair, and the room appears to be a living room. The video is described as a """"past video,"""" which implies that the footage was captured at a different time than the current moment. The person in the video might be reflecting on their past experiences or sharing a memory with others. The combination of the person sitting in a room and the past context creates a nostalgic atmosphere in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person sitting in a room, possibly in a living room, and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer or a robot. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the person sitting in the room and the presence of the large vision-language assistant. The exact location of the room and the time of day are not explicitly provided, but it is clear that the person is engaging in a conversation with the large vision-language assistant."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a man sitting in a room, possibly in a living room, with a laptop on his lap. He is engaged in a video call with someone, possibly a woman. The spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the man's location in the room, the presence of the laptop, and the ongoing video call. The man's actions and interactions during the call, such as typing on the laptop, may provide additional context about the nature of the call or the content being discussed."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person sitting in a room, possibly a living room or a bedroom, and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which appears to be a computer or a robot. The context suggests that the person is seeking assistance or information from the large vision-language assistant. The spatio-temporal context includes the person and the large vision-language assistant, with the person sitting in the room and the large vision-language assistant being present in the same space. The interaction between the person and the large vision-language assistant highlights the potential use of such technology for communication, problem-solving, or learning purposes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a large airport with a runway and a city in the background. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the airport's runway, the city, and the time of day. The airport is a busy location for air traffic, and the city is visible in the background, suggesting that the airport is situated near a metropolitan area. The time of day is daytime, as the airport is well-lit and visible. These contexts provide information about the location, the airport's function, and the surrounding environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video features a man standing in a forest, surrounded by trees and a mountainous landscape. The spatio-temporal contexts highlighted in the video include the man's location in the forest, the presence of the mountainous terrain, and the time of day. The man is likely exploring the forest, possibly for recreational purposes or as part of an adventure. The mountainous landscape suggests that the forest is situated in a region with diverse geographical features, providing a unique and picturesque environment for the man to enjoy. The presence of the sun in the sky indicates that the video was likely taken during daytime, which further emphasizes the beauty of the natural surroundings."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are several spatio-temporal contexts that can be highlighted. The main context is a large tree with a bird perched on it, which is located in a park. The bird is sitting on a branch of the tree, and the scene takes place during daytime. The presence of the tree and the bird suggests a natural environment, possibly in a city park or a forest. The bird's behavior and the tree's presence indicate that this is a typical day in the life of the bird, and it is likely engaging in typical bird activities such as resting, foraging, or observing its surroundings."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are several spatio-temporal contexts that can be observed. The main context is a person riding a skateboard in a skate park, which is a designated area for skateboarding activities. The skate park features ramps, rails, and other obstacles that skateboarders use to perform various tricks and maneuvers. The person is riding the skateboard, likely navigating the park's features and enjoying the activity. The video also shows the skateboarder's surroundings, including the park's layout and the presence of other people in the area. The skateboarder's actions and the park's features contribute to the overall spatio-temporal context of the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person walking down a narrow path between two large rocks, possibly in a mountainous area. The spatio-temporal contexts highlighted in the video include the person's movement and the surrounding environment, which includes the narrow path, the two large rocks, and potentially the mountainous terrain. The person's actions and the environment suggest that they are navigating a challenging and potentially adventurous outdoor activity, such as hiking or exploring the area."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person sitting in a room, possibly in a living room or a bedroom, with a laptop on a table. The person is engaged in a video call with a large vision-language assistant, such as Video-ChatGPT. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the person's location in the room, the presence of the laptop, and the ongoing video call. The person is likely using the laptop to communicate with the large vision-language assistant, which suggests that the video call is related to a task or a conversation that requires assistance from the assistant."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a group of people standing outside a building, possibly a parking lot, and engaging in a conversation. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the outdoor setting, the presence of the building, and the people's interaction with each other. The conversation appears to be casual and friendly, as the group of people is standing close to one another and sharing thoughts or ideas. The video captures a moment of social interaction and communication among the individuals, highlighting the importance of face-to-face interactions in fostering connections and understanding among people."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a chef preparing food on a stove in a kitchen. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the chef working on the stove, the food being cooked, and the kitchen environment. The chef is actively involved in the cooking process, using various utensils and ingredients to prepare the dish. The video captures a moment in time where the chef is focused on the task at hand, showcasing their skills and expertise in the culinary arts."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person using a cell phone to communicate with someone else, possibly a friend or a family member. The person is sitting on a couch and is in a living room. The spatio-temporal contexts highlighted in the video include the person's location, the time of day, and the setting. The person is in a comfortable indoor environment, likely at home, and is engaged in a conversation using their cell phone. The time of day is not explicitly stated, but it can be inferred that it is during a typical day or evening, as the person is sitting on a couch in a living room."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person sitting in a room, possibly in a boat, with a laptop. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the person's location, which appears to be a room or a boat, and the time, as the person is sitting in front of a laptop. The video does not provide any additional information about the surrounding environment or the purpose of the person using the laptop."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are two main spatio-temporal contexts: a person is standing in a grassy field, and they are also in a video chat with someone. The person in the grassy field is standing on a hill, which adds to the outdoor setting. The video chat is taking place in the background, suggesting that the person is engaged in a conversation with someone who is not physically present in the same location. This combination of in-person and virtual interactions creates a unique context for the video, highlighting the blending of real-world and digital experiences."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a young girl is playing outside in a yard, possibly in a park. She is surrounded by various objects such as a pile of leaves, a truck, and a bench. The scene takes place during the day, and the girl is engaged in outdoor activities. The spatio-temporal context of the video suggests a casual, leisurely atmosphere, with the girl enjoying her time outdoors in a park or yard."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are several spatio-temporal contexts that are relevant to the user's task. The user is in a room with a large window, which suggests that the location is indoors, possibly in a residential or commercial setting. The presence of a clock on the wall indicates that the user is in a space with a functional purpose, such as a living room, office, or a similar setting. The user is also engaged in a video chat, which implies that they are communicating with someone else through a video call. The spatio-temporal contexts in the video provide a snapshot of the user's environment and the context in which they are interacting with the person on the other end of the call."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person sitting in a grassy area, possibly in a park, with a grassy field in the background. The person is holding a cell phone and appears to be engaged in a video call. The spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the person's location in the grassy area, the presence of the grassy field, and the ongoing video call. The scene suggests a casual and relaxed atmosphere, possibly during a break or leisure time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is seen at a waterfall, with some of them jumping into the water. The scene takes place in a natural setting, surrounded by rocks and trees. The spatio-temporal context highlights the outdoor environment and the presence of the waterfall, which is a significant natural feature in the area. The people are engaging in various activities, such as jumping into the water and enjoying their time together. This suggests that the location is a popular spot for recreational activities and socializing in a natural setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are two main spatio-temporal contexts: the present and the past. The present context involves a person sitting on the ground, possibly in a park, while the past context involves a person standing in the same location. The person sitting on the ground is watching the person standing in the past, which suggests a sense of nostalgia or curiosity about the past. The video also features a dog, which adds to the overall atmosphere of the scene. The person sitting on the ground is engaged in a conversation with someone, which could be a friend or a family member, further enhancing the social aspect of the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are several spatio-temporal contexts that can be observed. The main context is a person standing in a backyard, possibly in a pool area, as they are talking to someone on a video call. The backyard has a pool, a slide, and a trampoline, which suggests that it is a recreational area. The person on the video call is likely a friend or family member, and they are engaged in a conversation while the person in the backyard is enjoying the pool area. The presence of the pool, slide, and trampoline indicates that the backyard is a fun and relaxing space for the person to spend time in, and it is likely a popular spot for gatherings and leisure activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily focuses on a close-up of a plant with a lot of leaves, possibly a fern. The spatio-temporal context of the video is limited to a single moment, with no indication of the surrounding environment or any other objects. The main focus is on the plant, which is the central element of the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place on a beach, with a person standing in the sand. The spatio-temporal contexts highlighted in the video include the beach setting, the person standing in the sand, and the surrounding environment. The person is likely enjoying their time at the beach, possibly engaging in beach activities, such as sunbathing, swimming, or simply relaxing. The beach setting provides a natural and serene atmosphere, allowing the person to unwind and connect with nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video features a man riding a motorcycle down a street, with the motorcycle's speedometer displaying 100 km/h. The spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the man riding the motorcycle, the street, and the speedometer displaying the current speed. The scene takes place in a city setting, with the motorcycle rider navigating the urban environment. The video captures a moment of the rider's journey, showcasing the motorcycle's speed and the rider's ability to maintain control while riding at high speeds."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a group of people, including a man and a woman, standing on a track and preparing to run. They are lined up along the track, with the man standing at the front. The scene takes place in a field, and the track is a part of the field. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the people's positioning on the track, their readiness to run, and the field setting. The man and woman are likely participants in a race or a training session, and their positioning and readiness indicate their intent to compete or practice their running skills."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen riding a sailboat on a large body of water, possibly a lake or ocean. The spatio-temporal contexts highlighted in the video include the person's position on the sailboat, their movement across the water, and the surrounding environment. The person is actively steering the sailboat, which suggests that they have some experience and control over the boat's direction. Additionally, the presence of a sail indicates that the boat is being propelled by wind, further emphasizing the outdoor, recreational nature of the activity. The video captures a moment of enjoyment and skill as the person navigates the sailboat on the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a man is standing in front of a chalkboard, which is covered in mathematical equations. He is wearing a tie and a white shirt, and he appears to be a teacher or a mathematician. The spatio-temporal context of the video suggests that the man is likely in a classroom, a lecture hall, or a similar educational setting, where he is sharing his knowledge and expertise with students or colleagues. The presence of the chalkboard and the mathematical equations indicate that the man is engaged in a teaching or learning session, discussing or demonstrating mathematical concepts to his audience."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a piece of paper to create a note or a message. They are holding the paper in their hand and possibly writing or drawing on it. The spatio-temporal context of the video suggests that the person is in a room, possibly their own or a shared space, as they are using the paper to communicate or document something. The exact purpose of the note or message cannot be determined from the image alone, but it could be for personal use, work, or even as a form of artistic expression. The person's hand is visible, indicating that they are actively engaged in the process of creating the note or message."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a cartoon character, possibly a doll, sitting in a room and talking on a phone. The character is dressed in a shirt and tie, and there is a clock on the wall behind it. The scene takes place in a room with a phone and a clock, which suggests that the character is in a domestic or personal setting, possibly a home or an office. The presence of the clock indicates that the character might be engaged in a phone conversation that requires attention to time, such as scheduling or coordinating with others. The overall spatio-temporal context of the video is a room with a phone and a clock, where the character is having a conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a person is riding a horse in a field. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the person on the horse, the horse itself, and the open field. The rider is positioned on the horse, which is a large animal, and they are navigating the open field. The video captures a moment of the rider and the horse in motion, showcasing their interaction and the natural environment they are in."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a man is sitting on a bed and playing a guitar. He is holding the guitar and playing it while sitting on the bed. The spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the man's location, which is a bedroom, and the time, which is during the day. The man is engaged in an activity that involves music and the guitar, which suggests that he might be practicing, composing, or simply enjoying his time playing the instrument."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a bedroom with a large bed, a chair, and a window. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the bedroom setting, the presence of the bed, chair, and window, and the time of day, which appears to be daytime. The bedroom appears to be well-lit, and the window allows natural light to enter the room. The bed is neatly made, and the overall atmosphere of the room is clean and organized."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a man is preparing a meal in a kitchen, with a bowl of food on the counter. He is using a spoon to scoop food from the bowl into a pot. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the kitchen counter, the bowl of food, the pot, and the spoon. The man is actively engaged in the process of preparing a meal, which involves handling various kitchen utensils and ingredients. This scene highlights the importance of cooking skills and the role of kitchen tools in creating a delicious meal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a dog is lying on the floor, possibly in a kitchen or a room with a wooden floor. The dog is pregnant and appears to be in the process of giving birth. The spatio-temporal contexts highlighted in the video include the dog's location, the presence of a pregnant dog, and the ongoing process of giving birth. The scene takes place in a domestic setting, likely a home, where the dog is surrounded by a familiar environment. The dog's actions and the surrounding environment provide a sense of intimacy and warmth, as it is a natural and private moment for the dog and its family."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a white cat is seen sitting on a bed and looking at a wall. The cat is also looking at a light, which appears to be a shining light or a light shining through a window. The cat's attention is focused on the light, and it seems to be intrigued or curious about it. This scene captures the cat's spatio-temporal context, as it is situated in a bedroom with a bed and a wall, and it is interacting with a light source in the room."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a man is walking through a grassy field while holding a camera and a backpack. He is also wearing a blue shirt and a black jacket. The spatio-temporal context of the scene suggests that the man is in an outdoor setting, possibly during the day, as the sunlight is visible in the background. The presence of the camera and backpack indicates that he might be a photographer or a traveler, capturing the natural beauty of the field or documenting his journey. The man's attire and the surrounding environment suggest that he is in a rural or semi-rural area, possibly for leisure or work purposes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a group of men dressed in uniforms is playing musical instruments and marching in a grassy field. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the outdoor setting, the presence of the grassy field, and the men's uniforms, which suggest that the event might be a military parade or a performance by a military band. The men are playing their instruments and marching in unison, showcasing their skills and discipline. The video captures a moment of unity and pride among the group, as they demonstrate their musical abilities and military prowess."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a person is driving a car down a street, and there are trees on both sides of the road. The scene takes place during the daytime, and the car is moving at a moderate speed. The spatio-temporal contexts highlighted in the video include the presence of a road, trees, and the car's movement, which suggests that the location is likely an urban or suburban area with some greenery. The daytime setting further implies that the weather is clear and suitable for outdoor activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person pouring a red liquid, possibly sauce, into a pot on a stove. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the stove, the pot, and the person's hand holding the spoon. The person is likely preparing a meal or a dish that requires the use of the sauce, and the stove is being used to heat the pot, ensuring that the sauce reaches the desired temperature for cooking or mixing. The scene captures a moment of cooking or food preparation, highlighting the importance of using proper cooking equipment and techniques to create a delicious meal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows an elderly woman sitting in a chair, possibly in a living room or a porch, and talking to someone on a video call. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the woman's location, which is indoors, and the time of day, which appears to be daytime. The woman is engaged in a conversation with someone on a video call, which suggests that she might be using a device like a smartphone or a computer to make the call. The video call could be a means for her to stay connected with friends, family, or other acquaintances, or it could be a professional call for work-related purposes. The overall setting of the video appears to be a comfortable and familiar environment, which further emphasizes the importance of the conversation taking place."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a person is swimming in the ocean, and a shark is swimming nearby. The spatio-temporal context highlights the interaction between the swimmer and the shark in the water. The shark is swimming in the same direction as the person, indicating that they are in close proximity to each other. This scene suggests that the person is aware of the shark's presence and is likely taking precautions to maintain a safe distance from it. The video captures a moment of coexistence between the swimmer and the shark in the ocean, emphasizing the importance of respecting and understanding the natural environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is riding horses in a field. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the group of people on horseback, the horses, and the open field. The riders are likely engaging in a recreational activity or a horseback riding lesson, as they are seen riding together and interacting with each other. The presence of horses and the open field suggest that this activity is taking place in a rural or countryside setting, which is a common location for horseback riding and equestrian activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a bakery where two men are working on a dough machine, which is used to make pastries. The machine is located in a kitchen area, and the men are working on it to prepare the dough for making pastries. The presence of the dough machine and the men's actions suggest that the bakery is focused on producing pastries and other baked goods, and the spatio-temporal context highlights the process of making dough and preparing it for further processing."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are several spatio-temporal contexts that highlight the main events and interactions taking place. The main context is a man talking on his cell phone, which is happening in the present. The man is standing in a room, possibly a living room, and is engaged in a conversation. There is also a clock in the background, which indicates the time of day. Additionally, there are other people in the room, suggesting that the man is in a social setting or gathering. The presence of a handbag and a backpack in the scene implies that the man might be carrying personal belongings, further indicating that he is in a public or semi-public space. Overall, the video captures a snapshot of a man's daily life, engaging in a phone conversation while being in a social setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a man standing on a field, holding a sports ball. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the man's position on the field, the sports ball he is holding, and the time of day. The man is standing in the middle of the field, which suggests that he might be participating in a game or practice session. The sports ball he is holding is likely to be used for playing a sport, such as soccer, baseball, or football. The time of day is not explicitly clear, but it can be inferred that the video was captured during daytime, as there is no indication of nighttime or low light conditions."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a woman is sitting in a room and talking to a camera. She is wearing a black shirt and is sitting on a couch. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the woman's location in the room, her attire, and the time of day. The woman is sitting in a living room, which suggests that she is in a domestic setting. Her black shirt and the presence of a couch indicate that she is in a comfortable and casual environment. The time of day is not explicitly stated, but it is likely that the video was taken during the day, as the lighting and surroundings suggest a typical indoor setting during the daytime."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a group of people in a gym, likely engaged in a fitness class or exercise routine. They are wearing workout clothes and are in a room with mirrors, which suggests that they are in a gym setting. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the gym, the group of people, and the mirrors, which are likely used for self-assessment and monitoring their movements during the exercise."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a man riding a horse in a large arena, likely a rodeo or equestrian event. The spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the man on the horse, the arena, and the surrounding environment. The man is actively engaged in riding the horse, which suggests that he is either participating in a competition or practicing his equestrian skills. The arena provides a controlled space for the activity, and the surrounding environment could include spectators, other participants, or other equestrian facilities. The video captures a moment of the man riding the horse, showcasing his skill and the dynamic nature of the activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is performing a synchronized dance in a public square. The scene takes place in a busy city area, with several people watching the performance. The spatio-temporal context highlights the interaction between the performers and the audience, as well as the urban setting where the event is taking place. The synchronized dance showcases the participants' coordination and teamwork, while the audience's presence adds a sense of community and shared experience to the event."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are several spatio-temporal contexts that highlight the setting of the workout area. The man is standing in front of a weight rack, which suggests that he is in a gym or a similar environment. The presence of a weight rack indicates that the area is designed for weightlifting and strength training. The man is also holding a barbell, which is a common piece of equipment used in weightlifting exercises. Additionally, there are multiple dumbbells scattered around the area, further emphasizing the gym setting. The presence of a clock on the wall suggests that the workout area is well-equipped with time management tools, allowing the man to track his workout duration and progress. Overall, the video showcases a gym setting with essential equipment and time management tools for a weightlifting workout."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a woman is seen sitting on a couch in a living room, holding a frisbee. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the indoor setting of the living room and the outdoor setting of the yard or park where the frisbee is being used. The woman is engaged in an activity that combines both indoor and outdoor elements, as she is playing with the frisbee in the yard or park while being in the comfort of her living room. This suggests that she might be enjoying a casual, relaxed moment at home, possibly with friends or family, while still being able to engage in outdoor activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a man in a boat on a lake, with trees in the background. The spatio-temporal contexts highlighted in the video include the man's location on the lake, the presence of trees, and the time of day. The man is on a boat, which suggests that he is enjoying a recreational activity on the water. The trees in the background indicate that the lake is situated in a natural environment, possibly a forest or a park. The time of day is not explicitly shown, but it can be inferred that the weather is likely pleasant, as the man is engaging in outdoor activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a woman standing in a grassy field, holding a hula hoop. She is wearing a green shirt and appears to be in a relaxed and playful mood. The spatio-temporal context of the video suggests that it is set in an outdoor environment, possibly a park or a rural area, where the woman is enjoying her time and engaging in a fun activity. The presence of the hula hoop indicates that she is participating in a recreational activity, possibly as a form of exercise or simply for entertainment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are several spatio-temporal contexts that can be identified. The main context is a wrestling match taking place in a gym, with two wrestlers in the ring. The scene is set in a gym, which suggests that it might be a training session or a competition. The wrestlers are actively engaged in the match, with one of them attempting to throw the other wrestler to the ground. This action indicates that the wrestlers are using their skills and techniques to gain an advantage over each other. The presence of chairs in the scene suggests that the gym might be used for various activities, including training sessions and competitions. The video captures a moment in time where the wrestlers are actively participating in the match, showcasing their athletic abilities and the intensity of the sport."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are several spatio-temporal contexts that can be identified. The main context is a basketball court, where a group of people is playing basketball. The court is located in a gym, which suggests that the players are likely part of a team or participating in a recreational activity. The video also shows a person walking on the court, possibly a coach or a player, which indicates that the court is in use. The presence of a clock on the wall suggests that the court is within a gym or sports facility, further emphasizing the basketball-related context. The video captures a moment in time, showcasing the players' actions and interactions during the game."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are several spatio-temporal contexts that can be highlighted. First, the scene takes place in a kitchen, where a person is sitting at a table with a plate of food in front of them. The person is about to eat the food, and there are multiple cups and bowls on the table, suggesting that they are about to enjoy a meal. Second, the video is set in the past, as indicated by the person's statement that they are """"remembering the past."""" This implies that the scene is a snapshot of a past event or moment, and the person is reflecting on their experiences or memories associated with that time. Finally, the video is a black and white image, which adds a nostalgic and timeless feel to the scene, further emphasizing the past setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a group of people walking down a street, with some of them carrying backpacks. The scene takes place in a city, with buildings and other urban elements visible in the background. The people are walking in a line, and there is a dog present in the scene. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the group of people walking down the street, the presence of backpacks, and the urban setting. The dog adds a unique element to the scene, suggesting that it might be a pet or a stray dog that the group is encountering while walking."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a woman is performing a dance routine in a boxing gym, which is an unconventional setting for dance. She is wearing a yellow shirt and black pants, and she is accompanied by a man who is watching her. The spatio-temporal context of the video highlights the unique combination of dance and boxing, as the woman is performing her dance moves in a space that is typically associated with physical training and combat sports. This juxtaposition of activities creates an interesting and unexpected scene, showcasing the woman's talent and adaptability to perform in a non-traditional setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a man is sitting in a room and looking at the camera. He is wearing glasses and has a beard. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the man's location in the room, the time of day, and his facial features. The man is sitting in a room, which could be his home or another indoor space, and he is looking at the camera, suggesting that he is engaged in a conversation or an activity that involves the camera. The time of day is not explicitly shown, but it can be inferred that it is daytime since the man is awake and visible. His facial features, such as his beard and glasses, provide additional information about his appearance and personal style."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a man in a suit sitting in a room, possibly a living room or an office. The man is engaged in a video call, and the context suggests that he is attending a meeting or having a conversation with someone. The spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the man's location, which is indoors, and the time of the call, which is during the day. The man's attire, wearing a suit, further indicates that the setting is likely professional or formal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a group of people playing a game, likely a board game, in a room. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the players sitting around a table, which is the central focus of the game. The players are engaged in the game, with some actively participating and others observing. The scene takes place in a room, possibly a living room or a game room, where the players have gathered to enjoy their time together. The presence of chairs and a table suggests that the room is designed for socializing and playing games. The video captures a moment of interaction and camaraderie among the players, highlighting the importance of social connections and shared experiences in a group setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a close-up of a bowl of food, which appears to be a soup or a salad. The spatio-temporal context of the video suggests that the food is being prepared or served, possibly in a kitchen or dining area. The close-up shot allows the viewer to focus on the details of the food, such as its texture, color, and ingredients. The video might be used for various purposes, such as promoting the dish, sharing a meal with friends or family, or providing a visual guide for cooking or serving the food."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are several spatio-temporal contexts that can be highlighted. The main context is a woman sitting on a couch in a living room, which is a common setting for relaxation and socializing. The woman is also holding a cell phone, which suggests that she might be engaged in communication or browsing the internet. Additionally, there is a clock in the background, indicating the time of day or the duration of the video. The presence of a bottle in the scene might also imply that the woman is drinking or has recently consumed a beverage. Overall, the video captures a moment in time where the woman is in a comfortable setting, using her cell phone, and possibly enjoying a beverage."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person sitting in a room, possibly a living room, and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which appears to be a computer or a robot. The spatio-temporal context includes the person and the large vision-language assistant in the same room, with the person sitting and engaging in conversation with the assistant. This suggests that the setting is likely a domestic environment, such as a home or a living space, where the person is interacting with the large vision-language assistant for various purposes, such as asking questions, seeking advice, or simply engaging in casual conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person using a microwave to heat up a dish. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the microwave, the dish being heated, and the person using the microwave. The microwave is a small appliance that uses electromagnetic waves to heat food quickly and efficiently. The dish being heated is placed inside the microwave, and the person is actively monitoring the process to ensure the food is cooked evenly and to the desired temperature. The video captures a typical everyday scenario where someone is preparing a meal using a microwave oven."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person using a cell phone to communicate with someone, possibly a friend or family member. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the person's hand holding the cell phone, the person's surroundings, and the time of day. The person is likely in a room, possibly indoors, as they are engaged in the phone conversation. The time of day cannot be determined with certainty, but it is likely during a typical daytime period, as the person is not in a dark or low-light environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting at a table with a laptop in front of them. They are engaged in a video chat with someone, likely discussing various topics. The spatio-temporal context of the video suggests that the person is in a comfortable indoor setting, likely at home or in a similar environment, as they are seated at a table with a laptop. The conversation is taking place in real-time, as the person is actively engaged in the video chat. This setting is typical for casual or personal interactions, such as catching up with friends or family, sharing updates, or discussing personal matters."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a spatula to scrape food off a plate onto a bowl. The scene takes place in a kitchen, with the person standing next to the sink. The spatula is placed on the edge of the sink, and the person is in the process of transferring the food from the plate to the bowl. This suggests that the person is likely preparing to serve the food or clean up after a meal. The presence of the sink indicates that the kitchen is equipped for food preparation and cleaning purposes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are a kitchen and a dining area. The kitchen is equipped with various appliances, such as a microwave, oven, and sink, while the dining area has a table and chairs. The video shows a person using the kitchen appliances, possibly preparing a meal or cleaning up after cooking. The presence of the dining area suggests that the person might be eating or socializing in the space. The kitchen and dining area are connected, indicating that they are part of a single living space. The video also shows a person's hand, which could be the person using the appliances or interacting with the dining area."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a kitchen with various items, including a microwave, a sink, and a counter. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the kitchen area, which is a functional space for cooking and food preparation. The microwave and sink are essential appliances for food preparation, while the counter provides a surface for placing and organizing ingredients, cookware, and other kitchen items. The presence of these items suggests that the kitchen is a space for daily activities, such as meal preparation and cleaning."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a meal in a kitchen. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the kitchen counter, where the person is cutting vegetables, and the kitchen sink, where they are washing the vegetables. The person is also using a cutting board, which is placed on the kitchen counter. The video captures the process of preparing a meal, highlighting the various steps involved in food preparation, such as chopping and washing ingredients."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are several spatio-temporal contexts that can be observed. The scene takes place in a kitchen, with a person standing near a stove. The person is holding a spatula, which is used for cooking or stirring food. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped with various items, such as a knife, a bowl, and a bottle. The person is also standing near a counter, which is a common feature in kitchens for food preparation and storage. The overall setting suggests that the person is engaged in a cooking or food preparation activity in the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person using a dishwasher to clean dishes. The spatio-temporal contexts highlighted in the video include the kitchen setting, the dishwasher, and the person's actions of loading and unloading dishes. The person is likely following a routine of washing and drying the dishes, which is a common household chore. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped with a dishwasher, suggesting that the person is using modern appliances to make their daily tasks more efficient and convenient."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily focuses on a kitchen counter with a knife on it. The spatio-temporal context highlights the presence of the knife on the counter, which suggests that the user might be preparing a meal or performing a task that requires the use of the knife. The kitchen counter is a common area for food preparation and cooking, so the presence of the knife indicates that the user is engaged in a culinary activity. The exact nature of the task or meal preparation cannot be determined from the image alone, but the presence of the knife suggests that the user is actively involved in some form of food-related activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a kitchen with a stove top oven, a sink, and a counter. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the kitchen area, with the stove top oven and sink as the primary elements. The kitchen appears to be in use, as there are dishes and a cup on the counter, suggesting that someone is preparing food or has just finished cooking. The presence of the sink and oven indicates that the kitchen is equipped for various cooking tasks, and the dishes and cup suggest that the person is engaged in some form of food preparation or cleanup. The overall setting suggests a functional and active kitchen environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are a kitchen and a bathroom. The kitchen is shown with a sink and a counter, while the bathroom has a toilet and a shower. The video also features a person who is either in the kitchen or the bathroom, and they are either talking or singing. The overall setting suggests that the person is in a residential space, possibly multitasking between the kitchen and the bathroom."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a kitchen with various items, including a sink, a cutting board, and a knife. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the kitchen area, where the cutting board and knife are placed, and the time when the person is cutting something on the cutting board. The presence of the sink suggests that the person might be preparing food or washing dishes. The video captures a moment of the person using the knife and cutting something, which could be related to food preparation or cleaning tasks."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are several spatio-temporal contexts that can be identified. The main context is a kitchen setting, where a person is preparing food. The kitchen features a stove, oven, sink, and various utensils such as a knife and a spoon. The person is using these tools to chop and prepare ingredients, which are placed on a cutting board. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped and organized, suggesting that the person is experienced in cooking or has recently moved in."

Another context is the presence of a clock on the wall, which indicates that the person is likely aware of the time and may be working within a specific timeframe to complete their cooking tasks. The clock serves as a visual reminder of the time, helping the person manage their cooking process effectively.

"Lastly, there is a cup present in the scene, which could be used for drinking water or other beverages during the cooking process. The cup's presence adds to the overall context of the kitchen as a functional space for food preparation and consumption."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""In the video, there are several spatio-temporal contexts that can be highlighted. The main context is a kitchen, where the person is preparing food. The kitchen is equipped with various appliances and utensils, such as a stove, oven, cutting board, and knives. The person is actively engaged in the process of cutting food, which suggests that they are in the midst of cooking or preparing a meal. The presence of a clock in the kitchen indicates that the person is likely keeping track of the time while cooking. The overall setting of the kitchen provides a sense of a functional and organized space for food preparation and cooking."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a meal in a kitchen. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the kitchen counter, the sink, and the stove. The person is using a spoon to stir the contents of a bowl, which could be a part of the meal preparation process. The kitchen counter and sink are essential elements for food preparation, while the stove is used for cooking or heating the ingredients. The video captures the moment when the person is actively engaged in the meal preparation process, showcasing the various tools and appliances they are using to create a delicious dish."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a kitchen with a counter, a sink, and a microwave. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the kitchen area, with the sink and microwave as the primary focus. The kitchen appears to be in a residential setting, as it is a small space with a counter and a sink. The presence of a microwave suggests that the kitchen is used for preparing and cooking food, and the sink is used for cleaning and washing dishes. The overall scene gives a sense of a typical home kitchen environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a kitchen with a white countertop and a microwave. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the kitchen area, the microwave, and the white countertop. The kitchen appears to be clean and well-maintained, suggesting that it is a functional and organized space for cooking and food preparation. The microwave is a common appliance found in many kitchens, and its presence in the video indicates that it is a frequently used item for heating or cooking food. The white countertop provides a clean and aesthetically pleasing surface for food preparation, cooking, and serving. Overall, the video highlights the kitchen area and its essential appliances, emphasizing the role of the kitchen in daily life and its importance in food preparation and cooking."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a kitchen with various items, including a sink, a stove, a cup, a spoon, and a bowl. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the kitchen area, which is a functional space for food preparation and cooking. The presence of the sink, stove, and cup suggests that the kitchen is equipped for basic cooking tasks, such as washing dishes, heating food, and serving beverages. The bowl and spoon indicate that the kitchen is also used for storing and preparing food, which further emphasizes its role as a central area for daily activities. Overall, the video highlights the kitchen as a space for food-related tasks and cooking activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a kitchen with various items, including a microwave, a cup, a bowl, and a spoon. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the kitchen area, where the microwave is placed on a counter, and the time when the microwave is being used. The presence of the cup and bowl suggests that the user might be preparing a meal or heating food in the microwave. The spoon could be used for stirring or scooping food during the cooking process. The kitchen appears to be a functional space for food preparation and cooking, with the microwave being a common appliance for quick and easy meal preparation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen holding a sandwich in their hand, and they are about to take a bite. The person is also talking to someone, possibly discussing the sandwich or sharing their thoughts about it. The video captures a moment of the person enjoying their meal and engaging in conversation with another person."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, the man is sitting in a chair and holding a remote control. He is also talking to someone, possibly a woman, who is not visible in the frame. The man is engaged in a conversation with the person, and they are discussing something. The focus of the conversation is not clear, but it appears to be a casual conversation between the man and the woman."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair and talking to a large computer screen. The computer screen displays a chat window, and the person is typing in the chat window. The person is also looking at the camera, possibly engaging in a video call or a live video session. The sequence of events shows the person interacting with the computer screen, typing in the chat window, and looking at the camera, which suggests that they are participating in a conversation or a video call."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting on a bench, and a dog is also present nearby. The person is holding a cell phone, possibly capturing the moment or engaging in a video call. The dog is looking at the person, and the person is looking at the camera. This sequence of events suggests that the person is interacting with the dog or possibly showing the dog to someone on the phone call. The dog's presence adds a sense of companionship and warmth to the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in front of a laptop, and the laptop screen is displaying a video of a cat. The person is watching the cat video and appears to be engaged with the content. The sequence of events includes the person sitting in front of the laptop, the laptop screen displaying the cat video, and the person watching the cat video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a group of people are gathered in a room, and one person is holding a cell phone. The person with the cell phone is showing the screen to the group, and they are all looking at the content displayed on the phone. The content on the phone could be a video, a photo, or some text, which has captured the attention of the group. The person holding the phone is likely explaining or sharing the content with the others, creating a sense of engagement and interest among the group members."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The person is asking the assistant a question, and the assistant is providing an answer. The conversation is taking place in a room, and the person is sitting in front of a wall. The video also shows the person's reflection in a mirror, indicating that the room has a mirror present. The overall sequence of events in the video is the person engaging in a conversation with the vision-language assistant, with the assistant providing a response to the person's question."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions happening. A person is walking down a street, and there are multiple people in the background. The person is also talking on their cell phone. Additionally, there is a man standing in the street, and a person is walking towards him. The man standing in the street is holding a cell phone, and there is a building in the background. The scene appears to be a busy urban environment with people going about their daily activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a car and holding a cell phone. They are engaged in a video call with another person, who is not visible in the frame. The person holding the cell phone is talking to the other person, and they are both looking at the phone screen. The conversation appears to be focused on the content displayed on the screen, which could be a video, image, or text message. The person holding the phone is actively participating in the conversation, and the other person on the call is listening and responding to the content being discussed."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a car, possibly a driver or a passenger, and they are talking to someone else. The conversation appears to be casual and friendly, as they are engaged in a conversation with the person in the car. The person in the car is also talking to the person outside the car, and they are both smiling, which suggests a positive and friendly interaction. The video captures a moment of connection between the two individuals, highlighting the importance of communication and social interaction in our daily lives."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in front of a laptop, and the screen displays a video of a person talking. The person appears to be engaged in a conversation with the laptop, possibly using a video-chat application. The sequence of events shows the person sitting in front of the laptop, watching the video of the person talking, and possibly responding to the conversation or interacting with the person on the screen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a car and using a cell phone. They are engaged in a conversation with someone, possibly a friend or family member, and are showing the person on the other end of the call a picture. The person is also looking at the camera, which suggests that they are aware of the recording and possibly interacting with the person recording the video. The conversation appears to be casual and friendly, with the person sharing a picture and engaging in a conversation with the person on the other end of the call."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a dog is sitting on a table, and a person is talking to the dog. The dog appears to be listening attentively to the person. This scene suggests that the person is engaging with the dog, possibly providing guidance or instructions, and the dog is paying attention to the person's words. The dog's behavior indicates that it is responsive to the person's communication, which could indicate that the dog is well-trained or familiar with the person's voice."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is riding a bicycle down a street, and they are also talking on a cell phone. The bicycle is equipped with a basket, and the rider is wearing a helmet for safety. The person is also wearing a backpack, which might contain personal belongings or other items. The rider is engaged in a conversation on the cell phone, possibly discussing their route or destination. This combination of activities suggests that the rider is multitasking, balancing their attention between the road and the phone call."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting at a dining table, holding a plate with food on it. They are about to take a bite of the food. The person is also holding a fork, which they will use to eat the food. The scene takes place in a restaurant, suggesting that the person is enjoying a meal in a social setting. The sequence of events showcases the person's intention to enjoy their meal and the food on the plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen holding a cell phone and talking to someone, possibly a friend or a family member. The person is also seen looking at the camera, which suggests that they are aware of the recording. The video also features a tree in the background, adding a natural element to the scene. The person is engaged in a conversation, which could be about various topics, such as personal life, work, or recent events. The presence of the tree in the background adds a sense of tranquility and connection to nature, creating a peaceful atmosphere for the conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in front of a camera and talking to someone else. The person is wearing a white shirt and appears to be engaged in a conversation. The camera is focused on the person's face, capturing their expressions and body language. The video also shows a clock in the background, which might indicate the time of day or the duration of the conversation. The overall scene suggests a casual, informal setting where the person is sharing thoughts or discussing something with the other person."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The person is likely asking the computer for assistance or information. The large vision-language assistant is then providing a response, likely in the form of text or audio, to help the person with their request. This interaction demonstrates the use of technology to facilitate communication and problem-solving, as well as the integration of artificial intelligence into everyday life."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen holding a cell phone and talking to someone. The person is also holding a sign that says """"silence is betrayal."""" The video is set in a public space, possibly a park, and the person is standing in front of a building. The sign and the conversation suggest that the person is advocating for a cause or expressing their opinion on a particular issue. The presence of the sign and the person's actions in the public space indicate that they are trying to raise awareness or make a statement about the issue they are addressing."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in front of a computer and using a video chat application. The person is typing a message, and the video chat application is displaying the text they are typing. The person is also holding a phone in their hand, which could be used for the video call or for other purposes. The sequence of events shows the person using both the computer and the phone for communication, possibly engaging in a video call or multitasking between the two devices."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, there is a large airplane on the runway, and it appears to be either landing or taking off. The airplane is situated at the end of the runway, and there are trees in the background. The scene is set in a city, with buildings visible in the background. The airplane is also accompanied by a truck, which is likely involved in the airplane's operation or maintenance. The presence of the truck and the airplane's position on the runway suggest that this is a busy airport, with various activities happening simultaneously."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is standing on a rocky cliff, possibly a mountain, and looking out over a valley. They are holding a camera and capturing the breathtaking view. The person then turns their attention to the camera and appears to be talking to it, possibly discussing their experience or sharing their thoughts about the landscape. The camera then zooms in on the person's face, focusing on their facial expression and capturing their emotions as they enjoy the view and engage with the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen walking towards a tree, and the tree is described as being very tall. The person is also described as being very tall. As the person approaches the tree, they appear to be looking up at the tree, possibly observing its height or contemplating something. The scene takes place in a wooded area, which suggests that the person might be exploring the natural surroundings or taking a break from their journey."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is riding a skateboard on a skateboard park, performing tricks and maneuvers. The skateboarder is captured in mid-air, showcasing their skill and control over the skateboard. The sequence of events includes the skateboarder starting their trick, launching into the air, and executing the trick successfully. This sequence demonstrates the skateboarder's ability to balance, control, and perform complex maneuvers on their skateboard."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a car, and the car is driving down a road. The person appears to be driving the car, and the car is moving forward. The car is also passing by a rock wall, which adds to the scenery of the journey. The sequence of events shows the car's movement, the person's driving, and the surrounding environment, including the rock wall."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair and holding a cell phone. They are engaged in a video call with someone, possibly a friend or family member. The person on the other end of the call is talking, and the person in the chair is listening and responding to the conversation. The person in the chair is also looking at the camera, which suggests that they are aware of the recording or streaming of the call. The video captures a moment of interaction and communication between the two individuals, highlighting the importance of face-to-face conversations and the role of technology in facilitating communication in today's world."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered around a car, possibly a truck, and there is a dog present. The dog is barking, and the people seem to be trying to calm it down. One person is holding the dog, while another person is attempting to get the dog to stop barking. The group is engaged in a conversation, and the dog's barking appears to be a point of interest or concern for them. The scene takes place in a parking lot, which suggests that the people might be discussing their plans or sharing information about the dog's behavior."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions happening. A man is cooking food on a hot plate, preparing a meal using a variety of ingredients. He is using a knife to cut up vegetables and possibly other ingredients. The man is also using a spatula to stir the food, ensuring that it is cooked evenly and properly. The cooking process involves the use of various utensils and ingredients, which showcases the man's skill and expertise in preparing a delicious meal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in front of a laptop, and the camera is focused on them. The person is typing on the laptop, and there is a clock visible in the background. The person appears to be working on a task or project, as they are actively typing on the laptop. The video also shows the person's hands typing on the laptop, which indicates their engagement in the task."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions happening. First, a person is seen walking towards the camera, and then they turn their head to look at the camera. Next, a person is shown sitting on a couch, and they appear to be talking to someone off-camera. The person sitting on the couch is also seen looking at the camera. These events suggest that the video is capturing a conversation or interaction between the individuals involved."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is riding a horse on a grassy hillside. The horse is galloping, and the rider is holding the reins. The rider appears to be enjoying the experience, as they are smiling while riding the horse. The scene takes place in a field with a forest in the background, creating a picturesque and serene environment for the horseback riding activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting on the ground in a yard, and they are holding a cell phone. The person is likely engaged in a conversation or using the phone for some purpose. The presence of the cell phone suggests that the person might be communicating with someone, browsing the internet, or using an app. The exact content of the conversation or activity cannot be determined from the image alone, but it is clear that the person is interacting with the cell phone in some way."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The person is asking the assistant to perform a task, and the assistant is responding to the user's request. The assistant is providing information or instructions to the user, and the user is listening to the assistant's response. The video shows a dialogue between the person and the large vision-language assistant, highlighting the capabilities of such programs in assisting users with various tasks and providing information."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a grassy area, possibly in a field, and is holding a cell phone. The person is engaged in a video call, possibly with another person. The person is also looking at the camera, which suggests that they are actively participating in the conversation or providing information to the other person on the call. The setting appears to be outdoors, with the person sitting in the grass, which could indicate a casual or relaxed atmosphere during the conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered at a waterfall, standing in the water and enjoying their time. They are splashing around and playing in the water, creating a lively and fun atmosphere. One person is even jumping into the waterfall, which adds an element of excitement and adventure to the scene. The group seems to be having a good time together, taking advantage of the natural beauty of the waterfall and the opportunity to engage in playful activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen walking towards a camera and a dog. The person is holding a cell phone in their hand, which suggests that they might be using it to communicate with someone or to capture a moment. As the person approaches the dog, the dog appears to be looking at the camera, possibly curious about the person's intentions. The person then starts to talk to the dog, possibly engaging in a conversation or giving instructions. The dog seems to be listening attentively to the person's words, indicating that it is responsive to the person's commands or inquiries."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is riding a large inflatable slide, possibly a bouncy house or a water slide, at a party. They are enjoying the ride and having fun. The slide appears to be a large, colorful structure, which adds to the excitement of the event. The person is likely laughing and enjoying the experience, as they slide down the slide and interact with the surrounding environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is walking on a beach, and they are holding a cell phone. The person is also talking to someone on the phone. As they walk along the beach, they are looking at the camera, and the camera is focusing on them. The person is also looking at the camera, and the camera is focusing on them. The person is walking on the beach, and they are talking on the phone. The person is also looking at the camera, and the camera is focusing on them."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is walking on a beach, and they are holding a cell phone. The person is also talking to someone on the phone. As the person walks along the beach, they are looking at the ocean and the sky. They are also looking at the camera, possibly engaging in a video call or capturing a moment. The person is walking towards the camera, and the beach appears to be a sandy area with water nearby."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions happening. First, a person is riding a motorcycle down a street, possibly in a race or a high-speed ride. Second, the motorcycle is being filmed from a close-up perspective, capturing the rider and the motorcycle's movement. Third, the motorcycle is seen going around a corner, showcasing the rider's skill and control. Lastly, the motorcycle is seen speeding down a road, emphasizing the thrilling nature of the ride. These events highlight the excitement and adrenaline-pumping experience of riding a motorcycle at high speeds and navigating turns."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a group of people, including a man in a suit, are standing on a track. They are lined up in a row, possibly preparing for a race or participating in a relay. The man in the suit is likely a coach or an official, and he is observing the group of athletes as they stand on the track. This scene suggests that the athletes are engaged in a competitive event or training session, and the man in the suit is there to guide, supervise, or make decisions related to the event."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen standing on a sailboat, holding onto a sail, and attempting to steer the boat. They are actively maneuvering the sailboat through the water, which requires skill and coordination. The person is likely adjusting the sail to catch the wind and maintain control of the boat. This sequence of events demonstrates the person's ability to navigate the sailboat and their engagement in a recreational activity, such as sailing or boating."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a man is standing in front of a chalkboard, holding a piece of paper. He is likely explaining or demonstrating a mathematical concept or problem to the viewer. The chalkboard is covered with mathematical symbols, equations, and possibly diagrams, which are used to illustrate the topic being discussed. The man is likely using the chalkboard to explain the concept or problem, possibly by drawing additional diagrams or explaining the solution to the problem. The scene suggests a learning or teaching environment, where the man is sharing his knowledge and expertise with the viewer."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is holding a piece of paper and using a pen to write on it. They are sitting at a table, and the paper is placed on the table as well. The person is actively engaged in the writing process, possibly taking notes or completing a task. This sequence of events suggests that the person is focused on the task at hand and is using the paper and pen to communicate their ideas or complete a specific task."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a man is talking on a phone while a doll is sitting next to him. The doll is wearing a crown, and there is a toy car nearby. The man is also holding a cell phone and appears to be engaged in a conversation. The scene takes place in a room with various items, including a toy car and a toy doll."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is riding a horse in a field. The horse is galloping, and the rider is maintaining their balance on the horse's back. The rider is also holding the reins, which are used to control the horse's movements. This sequence of events showcases the rider's skill in controlling the horse and their ability to maintain balance during the gallop."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a man is sitting on a bed and playing a guitar. He is holding the guitar and playing it, possibly strumming or plucking the strings. The man is also wearing a white shirt and appears to be in a relaxed and comfortable setting. The scene suggests that he is enjoying his time playing the guitar and possibly entertaining himself or others in the room."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a bed is shown with a comforter, and a person is sitting on the bed. The person is engaged in a video call, possibly with another person or a virtual assistant. The person is also talking to the camera, which suggests that they are sharing their thoughts or experiences with the viewer. The bed appears to be neatly made, and the overall atmosphere of the scene is calm and relaxed."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a man is standing in front of a sink filled with various bottles, including two cans of hot sauce. He is holding a spoon and appears to be preparing to add hot sauce to the bowl. The man is also talking to the camera, possibly explaining his actions or discussing the contents of the bowl. This sequence of events suggests that the man is engaged in a cooking or food preparation activity, possibly adding flavor to a dish or mixing ingredients in the bowl."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a dog is lying on the floor, possibly in a kitchen or a living room. The dog is rolling around, possibly playing or trying to get comfortable. The dog's actions suggest that it is in a relaxed and comfortable state, enjoying its time on the floor."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a white cat is sitting on a bed and looking at its reflection in a mirror. The cat appears to be intrigued by its own reflection and is staring at it intently. This is a salient event as it demonstrates the cat's curiosity and interest in its own image, which is a common behavior among animals when encountering their reflections."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a man is walking through a grassy field while holding a camera. He is also wearing a backpack, which suggests that he might be carrying additional equipment or supplies. As he walks, he is talking to someone on his cell phone, possibly discussing the location or sharing his experience with someone else. The man is also holding a handheld camera, which he might be using to capture images or record a video of his surroundings or the person he is talking to on the phone."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a group of men dressed in uniforms, likely military or band members, are walking through a grassy field. They are carrying instruments, such as trumpets and drums, and appear to be marching in formation. The scene takes place in a park, with the band members walking in a line and playing their instruments as they move. The band members are also playing their instruments while walking, which adds to the overall performance and showcases their skills."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is driving a car down a tree-lined street, and the car is passing by a parked car. The driver is also looking at the camera, possibly acknowledging the presence of the person recording the video. The scene takes place during the day, and the overall atmosphere appears to be calm and peaceful."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is pouring a red liquid, possibly tomato sauce, into a pot on the stove. The person is using a ladle to scoop the sauce from a container, and they are carefully pouring it into the pot. The stove is turned on, and the person is likely preparing to cook the sauce or to add it to a dish. The sequence of events shows the person's attention to detail and the careful handling of the sauce to ensure proper cooking and flavor development."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a woman is sitting in a chair and talking to a camera. She is wearing a red shirt and glasses. The woman is engaged in a conversation with the camera, possibly discussing a topic or sharing her thoughts. It is not clear from the video whether she is using a video-chat platform or simply having a casual conversation with the camera. The woman's actions and expressions suggest that she is actively participating in the conversation and sharing her ideas or experiences."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a shark is swimming through the water, with its fins visible. The shark is moving through the water, possibly in search of food or exploring its surroundings. The shark is swimming in a body of water, which could be a lake, ocean, or a large aquarium. The shark's movement and the surrounding environment are the main focus of the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a group of men is riding horses in a field. They are wearing cowboy hats and riding horses, which suggests that they are participating in a horseback riding activity or a rodeo. The men are likely engaging in various horse-riding techniques, such as roping, racing, or performing tricks. The video captures the excitement and camaraderie of the group as they enjoy their time together on horseback."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a group of men is working together in a bakery, making doughnuts. They are using a machine to shape the doughnuts, and the doughnuts are being formed and baked simultaneously. The men are working in a coordinated manner, ensuring that the doughnuts are evenly shaped and baked to perfection. The baking process is continuous, and the doughnuts are being produced at a fast pace. The video captures the teamwork and efficiency of the bakers as they create delicious doughnuts for customers."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a man is sitting in a room with a laptop on his lap. He is engaged in a video call with another person, who is also present in the room. The man is talking to the person on the video call, and the other person is listening to him. The man is also holding a book in his hand, which suggests that he might be multitasking or referring to the content of the book during the conversation. The video call appears to be a casual interaction between the two individuals, with the man sharing information or discussing a topic of mutual interest."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a man is walking across a field, holding a baseball bat. He is walking towards the camera, and the baseball bat is visible in his hand. As he walks, he is also talking to someone off-camera, possibly discussing the game or sharing his thoughts on the sport. The man is wearing a baseball uniform, which suggests that he is a player or participant in a baseball-related activity. The combination of the man walking with the baseball bat and engaging in conversation with someone off-camera creates a sense of anticipation and excitement for the viewer, as they might be waiting for the next event or action in the game."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a room and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The person is asking the assistant a question, and the assistant is providing an answer. The conversation appears to be focused on a specific topic, as the person is engaged and listening to the assistant's response. This interaction demonstrates the potential for artificial intelligence to assist with various tasks and provide information to users in a natural and conversational manner."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is engaged in a dance routine, with some of them holding handbags. They are dressed in brightly colored outfits, and the scene takes place in a room with a wooden floor. The participants are moving and performing the dance, with some of them standing and others sitting. The overall atmosphere appears to be lively and energetic, as they are enjoying the activity together."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a man is riding a horse in a large arena, with a crowd of people watching. The man is wearing a cowboy hat and is likely participating in a horse riding event or a show. The horse is also wearing a saddle, and the man is holding the reins. The scene takes place in a stadium, with a crowd of people watching the horse riding performance. This suggests that the event is likely a competitive or entertaining showcase of horse riding skills and the bond between the rider and the horse."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is performing a synchronized dance on a street. They are dressed in matching outfits and are lined up in a row. The dance appears to be well-choreographed, with the participants moving in unison and maintaining a coordinated rhythm. The audience is watching the performance, which suggests that the event is likely a public display or a special occasion. The participants are enjoying the experience and showcasing their skills in dance and coordination."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a man is seen lifting a barbell with a weight plate on it, likely performing a weightlifting exercise. He is standing on a wooden platform or a bench, which could be a part of a weightlifting station or a gym. The man is wearing a white shirt and appears to be focused on his workout. The presence of the bench or platform suggests that the man is using it for added support or stability during his weightlifting routine."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a woman is seen sitting on a couch, holding a remote control, and talking to someone on a video call. She is engaged in a conversation with the person on the other end of the call, possibly discussing a topic or sharing information. The woman is also holding a wine glass, which suggests that she might be enjoying a drink during the conversation. The presence of the remote control indicates that she might be controlling a device, such as a television or a home entertainment system, while she is on the call. Overall, the scene depicts a casual and relaxed atmosphere where the woman is multitasking, engaging in a video call, and possibly enjoying a drink."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a man is sitting in a boat on a lake, and he is talking to someone on a video call. The man is holding a cell phone, which he is using to communicate with the person on the other end of the call. The boat is floating on the lake, and the man is enjoying his time on the water. The video call is an essential part of the scene, as it allows the man to share his experience with someone who is not physically present."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a woman is standing in a grassy field, holding a hula hoop. She is wearing a green shirt and appears to be enjoying herself. The hula hoop is a popular toy and exercise tool, often used for fun and fitness. The woman is likely engaging in a light-hearted activity, possibly practicing her hula hooping skills or simply enjoying the outdoor environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a man is seen wrestling with another man in a ring. The wrestling match appears to be intense, with both participants putting in a significant amount of effort to gain an advantage over each other. The man on the bottom is trying to defend himself, while the other man is applying pressure to the opponent. The crowd is watching the match, which suggests that it might be a professional or organized event. The wrestling match is a significant event in the video, capturing the audience's attention and showcasing the athleticism and skill of the participants."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is playing basketball in a gym. They are actively engaged in the game, running, jumping, and trying to score points. One of the players is seen taking a shot at the basket, while another player is attempting to block the shot. The players are also communicating with each other, which is essential for teamwork and coordination during the game. The video captures the dynamic and competitive nature of the basketball game, showcasing the athletes' skills and the excitement of the sport."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen placing a cup on a table. The cup is placed on a white plate, which is placed on the table. The person is likely preparing to serve a beverage or snack using the cup and plate setup. The sequence of events shows the cup being placed on the plate, which is then placed on the table, indicating the person's intention to use the cup and plate for serving purposes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is walking down a street, with some of them carrying backpacks. A dog is also present in the scene. The people are walking in a line, and there is a sense of camaraderie among them. As they walk, they engage in conversation, which indicates that they might be friends or acquaintances. The dog appears to be walking with the group, and it seems to be a part of the group's activities. The overall atmosphere of the video is social and friendly, with people enjoying their time together as they walk down the street."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a woman is seen performing a dance routine in a gym, possibly in a boxing ring. She is wearing a yellow shirt and black pants, and she is accompanied by a man who is filming her. The woman is moving her arms and legs, showcasing her dance moves and coordination. The video captures a moment of her performing the dance, likely as part of a practice session or a performance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a man is sitting in front of a camera, holding a cell phone. He is looking at the camera and appears to be engaged in a conversation or interaction with someone. The man is also looking at the camera while holding the cell phone, possibly showing the screen to the person he is talking to. The sequence of events suggests that the man is using the cell phone to communicate with someone, either through a video call or by sharing content on the screen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a man is sitting in a chair and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The man is wearing a suit and tie, and the assistant is displayed on a screen. The man is asking the assistant a question, and the assistant is providing a response. This interaction demonstrates the use of technology to facilitate communication and problem-solving, as the man is engaging with the computer program to seek information or assistance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a woman is playing a game of chess with a man, and they are both wearing headphones. The woman is sitting at a table, and the man is standing behind her. The chessboard is placed in front of them. The woman is actively engaged in the game, while the man watches her moves. There are also other people in the background, suggesting that this is a social gathering or event. The chessboard and headphones indicate that the players are using the game as a form of entertainment or a way to communicate with each other during the event."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen cutting a piece of food using a knife on a cutting board. The person is carefully cutting the food, likely a vegetable, into smaller pieces. This action demonstrates the person's skill and attention to detail in preparing the food. After cutting the food, the person is likely to use the smaller pieces for a specific recipe or dish, showcasing their culinary abilities. The video captures a moment of food preparation, highlighting the importance of proper cutting techniques in cooking."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting on a bed and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which appears to be a computer. The person is asking the assistant a question, and the assistant is providing a response. The conversation appears to be focused on a specific topic, as the person is engaged and attentive to the assistant's response. This interaction highlights the potential use of artificial intelligence and vision-language assistants in everyday life for tasks such as answering questions, providing information, or even engaging in casual conversations."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a room and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer. The person is asking the computer to perform a task, and the computer is responding to the user's request. The video shows the interaction between the person and the computer, highlighting the capabilities of the large vision-language assistant in assisting users with various tasks."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is preparing a meal, specifically cutting vegetables on a cutting board. They are using a knife to chop the vegetables, and the knife is placed on the cutting board. The person is also holding a spoon, which they may use for stirring or serving the food. The sequence of events shows the person in the process of preparing the meal, focusing on cutting the vegetables and using the appropriate utensils for the task."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen holding a cell phone and pointing it at a counter. The person is likely trying to capture a photo or record a video of the counter. The counter appears to be cluttered, which might be the reason for the person's interest in capturing the scene. The person is also seen holding a spoon, which could be related to the counter or the person's meal preparation. The sequence of events suggests that the person is either taking a photo of the counter or recording a video of the cluttered space, possibly for documentation or sharing purposes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting at a table with a laptop in front of them. They are engaged in a conversation with someone, possibly a friend or a family member, who is not visible in the frame. The person is typing on the laptop, possibly responding to the conversation or working on a task. The presence of the laptop and the ongoing conversation suggest that the person is multitasking, balancing their interaction with the person in front of them and their work or communication on the laptop."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a sink to wash their hands. They are standing in front of the sink and using soap to clean their hands. The person is likely following proper handwashing techniques, such as rubbing their hands together, scrubbing them with soap, and rinsing them thoroughly under running water. This demonstrates the importance of handwashing for maintaining personal hygiene and preventing the spread of germs and infections."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting at a table with various items, including a cup, a bowl, and a spoon. The person is also holding a cell phone. The sequence of events in the video includes the person placing the cell phone on the table, possibly to take a break from using it or to attend to other tasks. They then pick up the cup and bowl, possibly to drink or eat from them. The person also picks up the spoon, which could be used for eating or stirring something in the cup or bowl. The sequence of actions suggests that the person is engaged in a casual, everyday activity, such as having a meal or a beverage, while also using their cell phone for communication or other purposes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a laptop, possibly for work or leisure purposes. The person is sitting at a table, and there are several items on the table, including a cup, a bowl, and a spoon. The person is also seen opening a cupboard, which could be used for storage or retrieving items. Additionally, there is a microwave in the background, suggesting that the person might be preparing a meal or reheating food. The sequence of events shows the person engaging with their laptop, interacting with the items on the table, and possibly accessing the contents of the cupboard or microwave."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a knife to chop up some vegetables on a cutting board. The sequence of events includes the person holding the knife and cutting the vegetables, followed by the vegetables being placed on the cutting board. The person then continues to chop the vegetables, and the knife is used to cut through the vegetables. The person is likely preparing to cook or use the chopped vegetables for a meal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is cooking a meal on a stove. They are using a spoon to stir the food, which is placed on a pan. The person is also using a knife to cut something, possibly a vegetable or another ingredient. The cooking process involves the use of multiple utensils, such as the spoon, knife, and pan, to prepare the meal. The person is actively engaged in the cooking process, ensuring that the food is properly prepared and seasoned."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen washing dishes in a kitchen sink. They are using a sponge to scrub the dishes, and there is a bottle nearby. The person is likely following a cleaning routine to maintain cleanliness and hygiene in the kitchen. The sequence of events includes the person washing the dishes, using the sponge to clean them, and possibly using the bottle for cleaning purposes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a computer with a keyboard and a mouse. They are likely engaged in various tasks, such as typing, browsing the internet, or working on a project. The person is also seen opening a drawer, which could be related to organizing or accessing items within the drawer. The sequence of events suggests that the person is multitasking, possibly working on a computer-related task while also attending to other aspects of their environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a frying pan to cook food on a stove. The frying pan is placed on the stove, and the person is likely preparing a meal. The sequence of events includes the person placing the frying pan on the stove, possibly adding ingredients or heating the pan, and then cooking the food inside the pan. The person is likely following a recipe or cooking technique to ensure the food is prepared correctly and safely."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a cell phone to take a picture of a bottle. The bottle is placed on a counter, and the person is standing in front of it. The bottle appears to be a wine bottle, which might be the reason for the picture being taken. The person is likely capturing the bottle's appearance or the wine inside it for various purposes, such as sharing on social media, documenting a special occasion, or simply for personal enjoyment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a kitchen sink to wash their hands. They are likely following proper handwashing techniques, such as wetting their hands, applying soap, and rubbing them together for a certain amount of time. After washing their hands, the person is likely to dry them with a towel or air dryer. This sequence of events demonstrates the importance of maintaining good hygiene practices in the kitchen and other areas of the home."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a kitchen knife to cut a piece of food, possibly a cake, on a cutting board. The person is likely following a recipe or preparing a meal. The sequence of events includes the person holding the knife, cutting the food, and possibly transferring the cut piece of food to a plate or bowl. The person is also standing in the kitchen, which suggests that they are in the process of cooking or baking. The overall scene represents a typical kitchen activity, such as preparing a meal or dessert."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a kitchen knife to cut food on a cutting board. The sequence of events includes the person holding the knife and cutting the food, which is likely a vegetable or a piece of meat. The person is also using a spoon to help with the cutting process. The overall scene takes place in a kitchen setting, with the cutting board placed on a countertop."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a microwave to heat up some food. They are placing the food inside the microwave and pressing a button to start the cooking process. The person is also holding a spoon, which they will likely use to stir or check the food's progress during the cooking process. The microwave is located on a countertop, and the person is standing nearby as they operate the appliance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, there are several salient events happening. A person is seen opening a microwave, which is placed on a countertop. They then take a container out of the microwave and place it on the counter. After that, the person picks up a cup and places it on the microwave. Finally, the person closes the microwave door. These actions suggest that the person is either preparing a meal or reheating something in the microwave."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen opening a microwave and placing a plate inside it. The microwave is then turned on, and the person is standing nearby. After a few moments, the person takes the plate out of the microwave and places it on a counter. This sequence of events suggests that the person is preparing a meal or heating something in the microwave, and they are monitoring the cooking process to ensure it is done correctly."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen opening a cupboard and pulling out a pan. They then place the pan on the stove and turn on the stove burners. The person is likely preparing to cook something in the pan. This sequence of events demonstrates the process of setting up a kitchen for cooking, with the person gathering the necessary cookware and placing it on the stove to begin the cooking process."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen opening a microwave and placing a dish inside. The microwave is then turned on, and the person is waiting for the dish to cook. After the dish has finished cooking, the person removes it from the microwave and places it on a counter. The microwave is then turned off, and the person is seen closing the microwave door."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there is a sequence of salient events or actions that occur over a specific time range. The events are as follows:"

1. At 0:00, the video begins with the person holding a sandwich.
2. At 0:04, the person takes a bite of the sandwich.
3. At 0:07, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
4. At 0:10, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
5. At 0:13, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
6. At 0:16, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
7. At 0:19, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
8. At 0:22, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
9. At 0:25, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
10. At 0:28, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
11. At 0:31, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
12. At 0:34, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
13. At 0:37, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
14. At 0:40, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
15. At 0:43, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
16. At 0:46, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
17. At 0:49, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
18. At 0:52, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
19. At 0:55, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
20. At 0:58, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
21. At 1:01, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
22. At 1:04, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
23. At 1:07, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
24. At 1:10, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
25. At 1:13, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
26. At 1:16, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
27. At 1:19, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
28. At 1:22, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
29. At 1:25, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
30. At 1:28, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
31. At 1:31, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
32. At 1:34, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
33. At 1:37, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
34. At 1:40, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
35. At 1:43, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
36. At 1:46, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
37. At 1:49, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
38. At 1:52, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
39. At 1:55, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
40. At 1:58, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
41. At 2:01, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
42. At 2:04, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
43. At 2:07, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
44. At 2:10, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
45. At 2:13, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
46. At 2:16, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
47. At 2:19, the person is seen eating the sandwich.
"48. At 2:22, the person is seen"",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur within a specific time range. The video starts with a man sitting on a chair, and then he stands up and starts walking. The exact time range for these events is approximately 0:00 to 0:05. After that, the man walks into a room, and the time range for this event is approximately 0:05 to 0:10. In the room, the man is standing next to a table, and the time range for this event is approximately 0:10 to 0:15. The man then walks out of the room, and the time range for this event is approximately 0:15 to 0:20. The video ends with the man walking away from the camera."",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur at specific time ranges. The exact time ranges cannot be determined with certainty, but they can be described as follows:"

1. At 0:00, the video begins with the large vision-language assistant sitting on the ground.
2. At 0:05, the assistant starts to speak, but the audio is not clear enough to understand the exact words.
3. At 0:10, the assistant is seen moving its head, possibly in response to the user's input or to look at something.
4. At 0:20, the assistant is seen looking at the camera, possibly engaging in a conversation or providing a response to the user's input.
5. At 0:30, the assistant is seen sitting on the ground, possibly waiting for the user's next input or taking a break.

"These events capture the essence of the interaction between the large vision-language assistant and the user, showcasing the assistant's ability to understand and respond to the user's input."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a man sitting on a bench in a park, with a dog nearby. The exact time range for each event or action is as follows:"

1. The man sits on the bench at 0:00.
2. The dog approaches the man at 0:05.
3. The dog sits on the bench next to the man at 0:10.
4. The man and the dog are sitting together on the bench at 0:15.
5. The man and the dog continue to sit on the bench, with the dog looking at the camera at 0:20.
6. The man and the dog continue to sit on the bench, with the dog looking at the camera at 0:25.
7. The man and the dog continue to sit on the bench, with the dog looking at the camera at 0:30.
8. The man and the dog continue to sit on the bench, with the dog looking at the camera at 0:35.
9. The man and the dog continue to sit on the bench, with the dog looking at the camera at 0:40.
10. The man and the dog continue to sit on the bench, with the dog looking at the camera at 0:45.
11. The man and the dog continue to sit on the bench, with the dog looking at the camera at 0:50.
12. The man and the dog continue to sit on the bench, with the dog looking at the camera at 0:55.
13. The man and the dog continue to sit on the bench, with the dog looking at the camera at 1:00.

"These events capture the interaction between the man and the dog as they sit together on the bench in the park."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a woman sitting in a room, possibly in front of a mirror, and talking to someone on a phone. The exact time range for the events in the video is as follows:"

1. The woman is sitting in the room, possibly in front of a mirror, at 0:00.
2. She is talking to someone on the phone at 0:01.
3. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:02.
4. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:03.
5. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:04.
6. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:05.
7. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:06.
8. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:07.
9. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:08.
10. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:09.
11. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:10.
12. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:11.
13. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:12.
14. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:13.
15. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:14.
16. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:15.
17. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:16.
18. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:17.
19. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:18.
20. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:19.
21. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:20.
22. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:21.
23. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:22.
24. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:23.
25. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:24.
26. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:25.
27. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:26.
28. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:27.
29. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:28.
30. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:29.
31. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:30.
32. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:31.
33. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:32.
34. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:33.
35. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:34.
36. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:35.
37. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:36.
38. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:37.
39. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:38.
40. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:39.
41. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:40.
42. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:41.
43. The person on the phone is talking to her at 0:42.
44. The woman is sitting in the room and talking to someone on the phone at 0:43.
"45"",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur at different times. Here is a sequence of events:"

1. At 0:00, a group of people is standing in a room, and one person is talking on a cell phone.
2. At 0:04, a person is seen walking into the room, and another person is talking on a cell phone.
3. At 0:10, a person is seen walking out of the room, and another person is talking on a cell phone.
4. At 0:14, a person is seen walking into the room, and another person is talking on a cell phone.
5. At 0:18, a person is seen walking out of the room, and another person is talking on a cell phone.
6. At 0:22, a person is seen walking into the room, and another person is talking on a cell phone.
7. At 0:26, a person is seen walking out of the room, and another person is talking on a cell phone.

"These events occur in quick succession, with people entering and exiting the room and engaging in conversations on their cell phones."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a person is seen sitting on a bench, and a dog is also present in the scene. The exact time range for these events is not provided. However, we can infer that the person and the dog are likely interacting with each other, possibly engaging in a conversation or enjoying each other's company. The exact time range for these events could be anywhere from a few seconds to a few minutes, as it is not possible to determine the exact duration from the provided information."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur at different times. These include:"

1. A man walking down the street, which starts at 0:00.
2. A man talking on a cell phone, which starts at 0:05.
3. A man walking past a building, which starts at 0:15.
4. A man walking down the street, which starts at 0:20.
5. A man talking on a cell phone, which starts at 0:25.
6. A man walking past a building, which starts at 0:30.
7. A man walking down the street, which starts at 0:35.
8. A man talking on a cell phone, which starts at 0:40.
9. A man walking past a building, which starts at 0:45.
10. A man walking down the street, which starts at 0:50.
11. A man talking on a cell phone, which starts at 0:55.
12. A man walking past a building, which starts at 1:00.

"These events or actions are spread across the video, with the man talking on the cell phone being the most prominent feature."",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a man sitting in a car, and he is talking to someone on a cell phone. The exact time range for these events cannot be determined without more context. However, it is clear that the man is engaged in a conversation, and the cell phone is being used to facilitate the communication."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that take place over a specific time range. These events include:"

1. At 0:00, the video begins with a shot of a person walking down a path.
2. At 0:05, the person is seen walking down the path with a backpack.
3. At 0:10, the person is seen walking down the path with a dog.
4. At 0:15, the person is seen walking down the path with a cell phone.
5. At 0:20, the person is seen walking down the path with a handbag.
6. At 0:25, the person is seen walking down the path with a handbag and a cell phone.
7. At 0:30, the person is seen walking down the path with a handbag, a cell phone, and a backpack.

"These events capture the progression of the person walking down the path with their belongings, providing a sense of the time it takes for the person to travel a certain distance."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a man is seen walking down a hallway and entering a room. The exact time range for these events is 0:00 to 0:03. After entering the room, the man is seen sitting down and looking at a laptop. The time range for this event is 0:03 to 0:06. The man is then seen standing up and walking out of the room. The time range for this event is 0:06 to 0:09."",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur at different times. The exact time range for each event or action is as follows:"

1. At 0:00, the video begins with a close-up of a person's face.
2. At 0:05, the person is seen sitting down, possibly in a car.
3. At 0:10, the person is seen holding a cell phone.
4. At 0:15, the person is seen talking on the cell phone.
5. At 0:20, the person is seen looking at the camera.
6. At 0:25, the person is seen looking at the camera again.
7. At 0:30, the person is seen holding a cell phone to their ear, possibly talking on the phone.
8. At 0:35, the person is seen sitting down in a car.
9. At 0:40, the person is seen looking at the camera.
10. At 0:45, the person is seen looking at the camera again.

"These events or actions provide a snapshot of the person's activities and interactions with their cell phone and the camera."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a dog is sitting on a table, and a person is talking to the camera. The exact time range for each event or action is as follows:"

1. The dog is sitting on the table at 0:00.
2. The person starts talking to the camera at 0:05.
3. The dog remains on the table, and the person continues talking at 0:10.
4. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 0:15.
5. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 0:20.
6. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 0:25.
7. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 0:30.
8. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 0:35.
9. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 0:40.
10. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 0:45.
11. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 0:50.
12. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 0:55.
13. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 1:00.
14. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 1:05.
15. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 1:10.
16. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 1:15.
17. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 1:20.
18. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 1:25.
19. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 1:30.
20. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 1:35.
21. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 1:40.
22. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 1:45.
23. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 1:50.
24. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 1:55.
25. The dog is still on the table, and the person is still talking at 2:00.

"In summary, the dog is sitting on the table for the entire duration of the video, and the person is talking to the camera throughout the entire sequence."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur at specific time ranges. These include:"

1. At 0:00, the user turns on the camera and begins recording.
2. At 0:06, the user starts talking about the bike.
3. At 0:20, the user starts talking about the bike tires.
4. At 0:30, the user turns the camera off.

"These events provide a clear sequence of actions and interactions, allowing the viewer to understand the context and content of the video."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur at different times. Here is a sequence of events:"

1. At 0:00, the person is sitting at a table with a plate of food in front of them.
2. At 0:05, the person starts eating the food.
3. At 0:10, the person takes a bite of the food.
4. At 0:15, the person is seen eating the food.
5. At 0:20, the person is seen eating the food.
6. At 0:25, the person is seen eating the food.
7. At 0:30, the person is seen eating the food.
8. At 0:35, the person is seen eating the food.
9. At 0:40, the person is seen eating the food.
10. At 0:45, the person is seen eating the food.
11. At 0:50, the person is seen eating the food.
12. At 0:55, the person is seen eating the food.
13. At 1:00, the person is seen eating the food.

"These events show the progression of the person eating the food at the table."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur at different times. These include:"

1. A person talking to the camera at 0:00.
2. The camera turning on at 0:06.
3. The person talking to the camera again at 0:12.
4. The camera turning off at 0:18.
5. The person talking to the camera at 0:24.
6. The camera turning on again at 0:30.
7. The person talking to the camera at 0:36.
8. The camera turning off at 0:44.
9. The person talking to the camera at 0:48.
10. The camera turning on at 0:54.
11. The person talking to the camera at 0:58.
12. The camera turning off at 1:06.

"These events and actions provide a sequence of interactions between the person and the camera, capturing the moments when the camera is turned on and off, and the person is talking to the camera."",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that can be identified. The exact time ranges for each event or action are as follows:"

1. 0:00 - 0:05: The video starts with a close-up of a person's face.
2. 0:05 - 0:08: The person speaks, and the camera zooms out to show the person in a room.
3. 0:08 - 0:10: The person turns their head to the side, and the camera follows their movement.
4. 0:10 - 0:12: The person's face is shown again, and the camera zooms in.
5. 0:12 - 0:15: The person speaks, and the camera zooms out to show the person in a room.
6. 0:15 - 0:18: The person turns their head to the side, and the camera follows their movement.
7. 0:18 - 0:20: The person's face is shown again, and the camera zooms in.

"These events or actions provide a sequence of the person's movements and interactions with the camera, capturing their facial expressions and body language throughout the video."",0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur at different times. Here is a sequence of events and actions:"

1. At 0:00, the video begins with a person talking to a large vision-language assistant.
2. At 0:12, the person asks the assistant to translate a sentence into another language.
3. At 0:20, the assistant responds by translating the sentence into the desired language.
4. At 0:30, the person asks the assistant to explain a concept or provide information on a specific topic.
5. At 0:40, the assistant begins explaining the concept or providing information on the topic.
6. At 0:50, the person interrupts the assistant and asks for more information or clarification.
7. At 1:00, the assistant continues providing more information or clarification on the topic.
8. At 1:10, the person asks the assistant to summarize the information provided.
9. At 1:20, the assistant summarizes the information in a concise manner.
10. At 1:30, the person asks the assistant to provide a visual representation of the information.
11. At 1:40, the assistant suggests using a graph or diagram to visualize the information.
12. At 1:50, the person asks the assistant to provide a summary of the entire conversation.
13. At 2:00, the assistant summarizes the entire conversation, including the translation, explanation, clarification, and summary of the information provided.

"These events and actions demonstrate the interaction between the person and the large vision-language assistant, showcasing the assistant's ability to translate, explain, clarify, summarize, and provide visual representations of information."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur within a specific time range. The first event is the man holding a sign that says """"Silence is Traitor,"""" which happens at 0:00. The second event is the man speaking into a microphone, which occurs at 0:02. The third event is the man holding a sign that says """"Sydney Flash Nub for Syria,"""" which happens at 0:05. The fourth event is the man speaking into a microphone again, which occurs at 0:07. The fifth event is the man holding a sign that says """"Silence is Betrayal,"""" which happens at 0:09. The sixth event is the man speaking into a microphone, which occurs at 0:10. The seventh event is the man holding a sign that says """"Sydney Flash Nub for Syria,"""" which happens at 0:12. The eighth event is the man speaking into a microphone, which occurs at 0:14. The ninth event is the man holding a sign that says """"Silence is Traitor,"""" which happens at 0:15. The tenth event is the man speaking into a microphone, which occurs at 0:16. The eleventh event is the man holding a sign that says """"Sydney Flash Nub for Syria,"""" which happens at 0:17. The twelfth event is the man speaking into a microphone, which occurs at 0:18. The thirteenth event is the man holding a sign that says """"Silence is Betrayal,"""" which happens at 0:19. The fourteenth event is the man speaking into a microphone, which occurs at 0:20. The fifteenth event is the man holding a sign that says """"Sydney Flash Nub for Syria,"""" which happens at 0:21. The sixteenth event is the man speaking into a microphone, which occurs at 0:22. The seventeenth event is the man holding a sign that says """"Silence is Traitor,"""" which happens at 0:23. The eighteenth event is the man speaking into a microphone, which occurs at 0:24. The nineteenth event is the man holding a sign that says """"Sydney Flash Nub for Syria,"""" which happens at 0:25. The twentieth event is the man speaking into a microphone, which occurs at 0:26. The twenty-first event is the man holding a sign that says """"Silence is Betrayal,"""" which happens at 0:27. The twenty-second event is the man speaking into a microphone, which occurs at 0:28. The twenty-third event is the man holding a sign that says """"Sydney Flash Nub for Syria,"""" which happens at 0:29. The twenty-fourth event is the man speaking into a microphone, which occurs at 0:30. The twenty-fifth event is the man holding a sign that says """"Silence is Traitor,"""" which happens at 0:31. The twenty-sixth event is the man speaking into a microphone, which occurs at 0:32. The twenty-seventh event is the man holding a sign that says """"Sydney Flash Nub for Syria,"""" which happens at 0:33. The twenty-eighth event is the man speaking into a microphone, which occurs at 0:34. The twenty-ninth event is the man holding a sign that says """"Silence is Betrayal,"""" which happens at 0:35. The thirtieth event is the man speaking into a microphone, which occurs at 0:36. The thirty-first event is the man holding a sign that says """"Sydney Flash Nub for Syria,"""" which happens at 0:37. The thirty-second event is the man speaking into a microphone, which occurs at 0:38. The thirty-third event is the man holding a sign that says """"Silence is Traitor,"""" which happens at 0:39. The thirty-fourth event is the man speaking into a microphone, which occurs at 0:40. The thirty-fifth event is the man holding a sign that says """"Sydney Flash Nub for Syria,"""" which happens at 0:41. The thirty-sixth event is the man speaking into a microphone, which occurs at 0:42. The thirty-seventh event is the man holding a sign that says """"Silence is Betrayal,"""" which happens at 0:43. The thirty-e"",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a person is sitting on a chair and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The exact time range of the events in the video is as follows:"

1. The person sits on the chair and starts talking to the computer program.
2. The computer program responds to the person's input, providing assistance or information.
3. The person continues to engage in conversation with the computer program, asking questions or providing input.
4. The computer program continues to provide assistance or information, based on the person's input.

"The video captures the interaction between the person and the computer program, showcasing the capabilities of the vision-language assistant in assisting and engaging with users."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur at different times. The first event is the airplane taking off from the runway, which happens at 0:00. The second event is the airplane landing on the runway, which occurs at 0:03. The third event is the airplane taxiing down the runway, which happens at 0:07. The fourth event is the airplane turning onto the runway, which occurs at 0:10. The fifth event is the airplane stopping on the runway, which happens at 0:13. The sixth event is the airplane pulling up to the terminal, which occurs at 0:16. The seventh event is the airplane stopping at the terminal, which happens at 0:19. The eighth event is the airplane pulling away from the terminal, which occurs at 0:22. The ninth event is the airplane taking off from the runway, which happens at 0:25. The tenth event is the airplane landing on the runway, which occurs at 0:28. The eleventh event is the airplane taxiing down the runway, which happens at 0:31. The twelfth event is the airplane turning onto the runway, which occurs at 0:34. The thirteenth event is the airplane stopping on the runway, which happens at 0:37. The fourteenth event is the airplane pulling up to the terminal, which occurs at 0:40. The fifteenth event is the airplane stopping at the terminal, which happens at 0:43. The sixteenth event is the airplane pulling away from the terminal, which occurs at 0:46. The seventeenth event is the airplane taking off from the runway, which happens at 0:49. The eighteenth event is the airplane landing on the runway, which occurs at 0:52. The nineteenth event is the airplane taxiing down the runway, which happens at 0:55. The twentieth event is the airplane turning onto the runway, which occurs at 0:58. The twenty-first event is the airplane stopping on the runway, which happens at 1:01. The twenty-second event is the airplane pulling up to the terminal, which occurs at 1:04. The twenty-third event is the airplane stopping at the terminal, which happens at 1:07. The twenty-fourth event is the airplane pulling away from the terminal, which occurs at 1:10. The twenty-fifth event is the airplane taking off from the runway, which happens at 1:13. The twenty-sixth event is the airplane landing on the runway, which occurs at 1:16. The twenty-seventh event is the airplane taxiing down the runway, which happens at 1:19. The twenty-eighth event is the airplane turning onto the runway, which occurs at 1:22. The twenty-ninth event is the airplane stopping on the runway, which happens at 1:25. The thirtieth event is the airplane pulling up to the terminal, which occurs at 1:28. The thirty-first event is the airplane stopping at the terminal, which happens at 1:31. The thirty-second event is the airplane pulling away from the terminal, which occurs at 1:34. The thirty-third event is the airplane taking off from the runway, which happens at 1:37. The thirty-fourth event is the airplane landing on the runway, which occurs at 1:40. The thirty-fifth event is the airplane taxiing down the runway, which happens at 1:43. The thirty-sixth event is the airplane turning onto the runway, which occurs at 1:46. The thirty-seventh event is the airplane stopping on the runway, which happens at 1:49. The thirty-eighth event is the airplane pulling up to the terminal, which occurs at 1:52. The thirty-ninth event is the airplane stopping at the terminal, which happens at 1:55. The fortieth event is the airplane pulling away from the terminal, which occurs at 1:58. The forty-first event is the airplane taking off from the runway, which happens at 2:01. The forty-second event is the airplane landing on the runway, which"",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a person is seen skiing down a snow-covered slope. The exact time range for this event is 0:00 to 0:05."

Next, the person is captured in a close-up shot, and the camera zooms in on their face. This event occurs between 0:05 and 0:10.

After the close-up shot, the person is skiing down the slope, and the camera follows their movement. This event occurs between 0:10 and 0:15.

"Finally, the person is captured in a full-body shot, and the camera zooms out to show the entire slope. This event occurs between 0:15 and 0:20."",0,0,0,1,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that take place over a specific time range. The exact time range cannot be determined, but the events can be described as follows:"

1. At the beginning of the video, a person is seen walking towards a tree, possibly to take a photo or engage in some activity.
2. The person is seen standing in front of the tree, possibly taking a photo or observing the tree.
3. The person is seen walking away from the tree, possibly after completing their activity or taking a photo.

"These events can be described as a sequence of actions that take place within a short period of time, but the exact time range cannot be determined."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur over a specific time range. The exact time range cannot be determined from the provided video, but the events can be described as follows:"

1. A person is riding a skateboard on a ramp, possibly performing a trick.
2. The skateboarder falls off the skateboard, possibly due to losing balance or attempting a difficult maneuver.
3. The skateboarder gets back on the skateboard and continues riding.

"These events are captured in a single continuous sequence, showcasing the skateboarder's skill and determination to continue riding despite the fall."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a person is seen sitting on a rock, and the camera is focused on them. The exact time range for this event is from 0:00 to 0:05."

Next, the camera captures a close-up of the person sitting on the rock, with the focus on their face. This event occurs from 0:05 to 0:10.

After that, the camera zooms out to show the surrounding area, including the rock and the person sitting on it. This event occurs from 0:10 to 0:15.

"Finally, the camera zooms in again to capture a close-up of the person sitting on the rock, with the focus on their face. This event occurs from 0:15 to 0:20."",0,0,0,1,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a sequence of events where a person is sitting in a chair and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer. The exact time range for each event cannot be determined with certainty, but the following sequence of actions can be inferred:"

1. The person starts talking to the computer.
2. The computer responds to the person's input.
3. The person continues to engage in conversation with the computer.
4. The person and the computer have a conversation for a while.
5. The person gets up from the chair and walks away.

"These events are not necessarily in a specific order, but they represent the main actions that occur in the video."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur within a specific time range. These events are:"

1. At 0:00, a person is seen walking towards the camera.
2. At 0:02, the person is seen walking away from the camera.
3. At 0:04, a car is seen driving by the person.
4. At 0:06, the person is seen walking towards the camera again.
5. At 0:08, the person is seen walking away from the camera for the third time.
6. At 0:10, the person is seen walking towards the camera for the fourth time.

"These events provide a sequence of actions and interactions that occur within a short duration of time, capturing the movement and interactions of the person and the car in the scene."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur at different times. The exact time ranges for these events are as follows:"

1. 0:00 - 0:05: The video starts with the chef preparing food on a stove.

2. 0:05 - 0:10: The chef is seen cutting vegetables on the stove.

3. 0:10 - 0:15: The chef is seen placing vegetables on a plate.

4. 0:15 - 0:20: The chef is seen cooking food on the stove.

5. 0:20 - 0:25: The chef is seen cutting food on the stove.

6. 0:25 - 0:30: The chef is seen placing food on a plate.

7. 0:30 - 0:35: The chef is seen cooking food on the stove.

8. 0:35 - 0:40: The chef is seen cutting food on the stove.

9. 0:40 - 0:45: The chef is seen placing food on a plate.

"These events showcase the chef's cooking process, including the preparation of ingredients, cooking, and plating of the food."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur within a specific time range. The exact time range cannot be determined without more information, but the events can be described as follows:"

1. A person is seen walking towards a building, possibly entering or leaving the building.
2. The person is seen walking down a street, possibly towards a park.
3. The person is seen walking down a sidewalk, possibly towards a park.
4. The person is seen walking down a street, possibly towards a park.
5. The person is seen walking down a street, possibly towards a park.

"These events are captured in different parts of the video, but they all occur within a similar time frame, suggesting that the person is engaged in some form of outdoor activity, such as walking to or from a park or another destination."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur at different times. Here is a sequence of events:"

1. At 0:00, a person is sitting on a couch and talking to the camera.
2. At 0:05, the person is standing up and walking towards the camera.
3. At 0:10, the person is standing in front of the camera, and the camera is focused on them.
4. At 0:15, the person is sitting back down on the couch.
5. At 0:20, the person is standing up and walking towards the camera again.
6. At 0:25, the person is standing in front of the camera, and the camera is focused on them.
7. At 0:30, the person is sitting back down on the couch.

"These events provide a snapshot of the person's movements and interactions with the camera throughout the video."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur within a specific time range. The exact time range cannot be determined with certainty, but it is clear that the events and actions are spread out over a period of time. Here is a sequence of events and actions:"

1. A person is seen walking on a grassy hill, possibly carrying a backpack.
2. The person is seen walking down a hill, and the camera follows them.
3. The person is seen walking in a grassy area, possibly with a backpack.
4. The person is seen walking on a grassy hill, and the camera follows them.
5. The person is seen walking in a grassy area, possibly with a backpack.

"These events and actions suggest that the person is engaged in outdoor activities, such as hiking or exploring the area, and they are carrying a backpack, which could be used for carrying supplies or personal belongings."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a child is playing outside in a yard, while a dog is also present. The exact time range for each event or action is as follows:"

1. The child is playing outside in the yard, possibly engaging in activities such as running or playing with a toy.
2. The dog is also present in the yard, possibly watching the child or waiting for them to interact.
3. The child and the dog are both in the yard, suggesting that they are sharing the space and enjoying each other's company.
4. The child and the dog are both in the yard, with the child possibly playing with the dog or the dog watching the child.

"These events or actions occur at different points in time, but they are all happening within the same yard and involve the child and the dog interacting with each other."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur within a specific time range. The exact time ranges are as follows:"

1. 0:00 - 0:05: The video begins with a close-up of a person's face.
2. 0:05 - 0:10: The person starts talking, and the camera zooms out to show the person in a room.
3. 0:10 - 0:15: The person continues talking, and the camera zooms in to focus on their face.
4. 0:15 - 0:20: The person talks about a specific topic, and the camera zooms out to show the room.
5. 0:20 - 0:25: The person talks about another topic, and the camera zooms in to focus on their face.
6. 0:25 - 0:30: The person concludes their statement, and the camera zooms out to show the room.

"These events and actions provide a clear sequence of events in the video, highlighting the person's conversation and the camera's movement to capture different aspects of the scene."",0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur at different times. The exact time ranges for each event or action are as follows:"

1. 0:00 - 0:02: The video begins with a close-up of a grassy field.

2. 0:03 - 0:05: A person walks into the field, and the camera follows them.

3. 0:06 - 0:08: The person stops and turns around, facing the camera.

4. 0:09 - 0:10: The person starts walking away from the camera, and the camera follows them.

5. 0:11 - 0:12: The camera captures a close-up of the person walking away.

6. 0:13 - 0:15: The person continues walking, and the camera follows them.

7. 0:16 - 0:18: The camera captures a close-up of the person walking away.

8. 0:19 - 0:20: The person stops and turns around, facing the camera.

9. 0:21 - 0:22: The person starts walking away from the camera, and the camera follows them.

10. 0:23 - 0:24: The camera captures a close-up of the person walking away.

11. 0:25 - 0:26: The person continues walking, and the camera follows them.

12. 0:27 - 0:28: The camera captures a close-up of the person walking away.

13. 0:29 - 0:30: The person stops and turns around, facing the camera.

14. 0:31 - 0:32: The person starts walking away from the camera, and the camera follows them.

15. 0:33 - 0:34: The camera captures a close-up of the person walking away.

16. 0:35 - 0:36: The person continues walking, and the camera follows them.

17. 0:37 - 0:38: The camera captures a close-up of the person walking away.

18. 0:39 - 0:40: The person stops and turns around, facing the camera.

19. 0:41 - 0:42: The person starts walking away from the camera, and the camera follows them.

20. 0:43 - 0:44: The camera captures a close-up of the person walking away.

21. 0:45 - 0:46: The person continues walking, and the camera follows them.

22. 0:47 - 0:48: The camera captures a close-up of the person walking away.

23. 0:49 - 0:50: The person stops and turns around, facing the camera.

24. 0:51 - 0:52: The person starts walking away from the camera, and the camera follows them.

25. 0:53 - 0:54: The camera captures a close-up of the person walking away.

26. 0:55 - 0:56: The person continues walking, and the camera follows them.

27. 0:57 - 0:58: The camera captures a close-up of the person walking away.

28. 0:59 - 1:00: The person stops and turns around, facing the camera.

29. 1:01 - 1:02: The person starts walking away from the camera, and the camera follows them.

30. 1:03 - 1:04: The camera captures a close-up of the person walking away.

31. 1:05 - 1:06: The person continues walking, and the camera follows them.

32. 1:07 - 1:08: The camera captures a close-up of the person walking away.

33. 1:09 - 1:10: The person stops and turns around, facing the camera.

"34. 1:11 -"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur at different times. Here is a sequence of events:"

1. At 0:00, a group of people is standing in the water, possibly at a waterfall or a river.
2. At 0:05, a man is jumping into the water, possibly from a rock or a ledge.
3. At 0:10, another man is seen jumping into the water, possibly from a rock or a ledge.
4. At 0:15, a man is seen jumping into the water, possibly from a rock or a ledge.
5. At 0:20, a man is seen jumping into the water, possibly from a rock or a ledge.
6. At 0:25, a man is seen jumping into the water, possibly from a rock or a ledge.
7. At 0:30, a man is seen jumping into the water, possibly from a rock or a ledge.
8. At 0:35, a man is seen jumping into the water, possibly from a rock or a ledge.

"These events showcase the group of people engaging in various activities, such as jumping into the water and enjoying their time at the waterfall or river."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur within a specific time range. These events include:"

1. At 0:00, the camera shows a close-up of a person's hand holding a cell phone.
2. At 0:03, the person starts talking into the cell phone.
3. At 0:08, the person is seen holding the cell phone to their ear.
4. At 0:12, the person is seen looking at the cell phone screen.
5. At 0:16, the person is seen holding the cell phone to their ear again.
6. At 0:20, the person is seen looking at the cell phone screen again.

"These events provide a sequence of actions that show the person using the cell phone, which could involve making a call, checking messages, or engaging with an app."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a person is seen riding a water slide, which is a significant event. The exact time range for this event cannot be determined from the provided video. However, it is clear that the person is actively participating in the activity and enjoying the water slide."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur over a specific time range. The video shows a person holding a cell phone and talking to someone, possibly a friend or family member. The conversation appears to be casual and friendly. At 0:07, the person is seen looking at the camera, possibly acknowledging the camera's presence or engaging with the viewer. At 0:12, the person is seen holding the cell phone, possibly showing or discussing something on the screen. The conversation continues, and at 0:20, the person is seen looking at the camera again. Overall, the video captures a casual conversation between two individuals, with the person holding the cell phone playing a significant role in the interaction."",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur over a specific time range. The exact time range cannot be determined without more information, but the events can be described as follows:"

1. A person is seen walking on the beach, possibly carrying a surfboard.
2. The person is seen walking towards the ocean, possibly preparing to surf.
3. The person is seen walking away from the ocean, possibly after surfing or finishing their beach activities.
4. A bird is flying over the beach, adding a natural element to the scene.

"These events capture different moments of the person's beach experience, showcasing their interactions with the environment and the presence of wildlife."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that take place over a specific time range. These events include:"

1. At 0:00, the motorcycle is parked on the side of the road.
2. At 0:05, the motorcycle rider is seen getting off the motorcycle and walking away from it.
3. At 0:10, the motorcycle rider is seen walking towards the camera.
4. At 0:15, the motorcycle rider is seen walking towards the camera, and the motorcycle is parked on the side of the road.
5. At 0:20, the motorcycle rider is seen walking towards the camera, and the motorcycle is parked on the side of the road.

"These events provide a sequence of actions that show the motorcycle rider getting off the motorcycle and walking away from it, as well as the motorcycle being parked on the side of the road."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a group of people is standing on a track, with some of them holding stopwatches. The exact time range of the events in the video can be described as follows:"

1. At 0:00, the group of people is standing on the track, with some of them holding stopwatches.
2. At 0:05, a man is seen running on the track, with the other people standing around him.
3. At 0:10, the man is seen running towards the finish line, with the other people still standing around him.
4. At 0:15, the man has crossed the finish line, and the other people are still standing on the track.
5. At 0:20, the group of people is still standing on the track, with some of them holding stopwatches.

"These events provide a sequence of actions and interactions among the people on the track, highlighting the running event and the presence of stopwatches."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a man is seen sailing a white sailboat on a large body of water. The exact time range in which each event or action happens is as follows:"

1. The man is seen standing on the sailboat, preparing to set sail.
2. The man starts sailing the boat, with the sail unfurled.
3. The man is actively steering the sailboat, navigating through the water.
4. The man is seen enjoying his time on the boat, possibly taking a break or admiring the surroundings.
5. The man is seen waving at the camera, indicating a sense of accomplishment or enjoyment.

"These events capture the essence of the man's sailing experience, showcasing his skill and enjoyment of the activity."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a man is standing in front of a chalkboard, holding a piece of paper. He is likely explaining a math problem or concept to the camera. The exact time range of the events cannot be determined from the video, but it is clear that the man is engaged in a conversation or teaching session."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur over a specific time range. The first event is the person picking up a piece of paper, which happens at 0:00. The second event is the person holding the paper in their hand, which occurs at 0:03. The third event is the person placing the paper on the table, which happens at 0:06. The fourth event is the person looking at the paper, which occurs at 0:09. The fifth event is the person writing on the paper, which happens at 0:12. The sixth event is the person holding the paper with writing on it, which occurs at 0:15. The seventh event is the person putting the paper down, which happens at 0:18. The eighth event is the person looking at the paper again, which occurs at 0:21. The ninth event is the person writing on the paper again, which happens at 0:24. The tenth event is the person holding the paper with writing on it, which occurs at 0:27. The eleventh event is the person putting the paper down, which happens at 0:30. The twelfth event is the person looking at the paper, which occurs at 0:33. The thirteenth event is the person writing on the paper, which happens at 0:36. The fourteenth event is the person holding the paper with writing on it, which occurs at 0:39. The fifteenth event is the person putting the paper down, which happens at 0:42. The sixteenth event is the person looking at the paper, which occurs at 0:45. The seventeenth event is the person writing on the paper, which happens at 0:48. The eighteenth event is the person holding the paper with writing on it, which occurs at 0:51. The nineteenth event is the person putting the paper down, which happens at 0:54. The twentieth event is the person looking at the paper, which occurs at 0:57. The twenty-first event is the person writing on the paper, which happens at 1:00. The twenty-second event is the person holding the paper with writing on it, which occurs at 1:03. The twenty-third event is the person putting the paper down, which happens at 1:06. The twenty-fourth event is the person looking at the paper, which occurs at 1:09. The twenty-fifth event is the person writing on the paper, which happens at 1:12. The twenty-sixth event is the person holding the paper with writing on it, which occurs at 1:15. The twenty-seventh event is the person putting the paper down, which happens at 1:18. The twenty-eighth event is the person looking at the paper, which occurs at 1:21. The twenty-ninth event is the person writing on the paper, which happens at 1:24. The thirtieth event is the person holding the paper with writing on it, which occurs at 1:27. The thirty-first event is the person putting the paper down, which happens at 1:30. The thirty-second event is the person looking at the paper, which occurs at 1:33. The thirty-third event is the person writing on the paper, which happens at 1:36. The thirty-fourth event is the person holding the paper with writing on it, which occurs at 1:39. The thirty-fifth event is the person putting the paper down, which happens at 1:42. The thirty-sixth event is the person looking at the paper, which occurs at 1:45. The thirty-seventh event is the person writing on the paper, which happens at 1:48. The thirty-eighth event is the person holding the paper with writing on it, which occurs at 1:51. The thirty-ninth event is the person putting the paper down, which happens at 1:54. The fortieth event is the person looking at the paper, which occurs at 1:57. The forty-first event is the person writing on the paper, which happens at 2:00. The forty-second event is the person holding the paper with writing on it, which occurs at 2:03. The forty-third event is the person putting the paper down, which happens at 2:06. The forty-fourth event is the person looking at the paper, which occurs at 2:09. The"",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a man is talking on a cell phone while sitting in a room. The exact time range of the events cannot be determined, but it is clear that the man is engaged in a conversation on his cell phone."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a person is riding a horse in a field. The exact time range for each event or action cannot be determined without more context. However, we can infer that the person is likely getting on the horse, riding the horse, and possibly dismounting from the horse. These actions may occur in a continuous sequence, but the exact order cannot be determined from the provided video."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a man is sitting on a bed playing a guitar. The exact time range for each event or action is as follows:"

1. The man is sitting on the bed, holding the guitar and playing it.
2. He is playing the guitar while sitting on the bed.
3. He is playing the guitar on the bed, possibly in a relaxed or casual setting.
4. He is playing the guitar on the bed, possibly in a more focused or serious manner.


"These events or actions can be observed in the video, but the exact time range for each cannot be determined with certainty."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur at different times. The exact time ranges for each event or action are as follows:"

1. At 0:00, the bed is shown, and the camera zooms in on it.
2. At 0:05, the camera zooms in on the bed, focusing on the blanket.
3. At 0:10, the camera zooms in on the bed, showing the sheets and blanket.
4. At 0:15, the camera zooms in on the bed, focusing on the sheets and blanket.
5. At 0:20, the camera zooms in on the bed, showing the sheets and blanket.
6. At 0:25, the camera zooms in on the bed, focusing on the sheets and blanket.
7. At 0:30, the camera zooms in on the bed, showing the sheets and blanket.
8. At 0:35, the camera zooms in on the bed, focusing on the sheets and blanket.
9. At 0:40, the camera zooms in on the bed, showing the sheets and blanket.
10. At 0:45, the camera zooms in on the bed, focusing on the sheets and blanket.
11. At 0:50, the camera zooms in on the bed, showing the sheets and blanket.
12. At 0:55, the camera zooms in on the bed, focusing on the sheets and blanket.
13. At 1:00, the camera zooms in on the bed, showing the sheets and blanket.

"These events or actions provide a detailed view of the bed, sheets, and blanket, allowing the viewer to appreciate the visual details of the scene."",0,1,0,1,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, the man is preparing a meal using a bowl and a spoon. The exact time range in which each event or action happens is as follows:"

1. The man is seen opening a can of soup, which takes place at 0:00-0:05.
2. He is then seen pouring the soup into the bowl, which happens between 0:05-0:10.
3. The man is using a spoon to stir the soup, which occurs between 0:10-0:15.
4. He is then seen adding a spoonful of sauce to the soup, which happens between 0:15-0:20.
5. The man is stirring the soup with the spoon, which occurs between 0:20-0:25.
6. The man is seen closing the can of soup, which happens between 0:25-0:30.

"These events are captured in a continuous sequence, showcasing the man's actions as he prepares the meal using the bowl and spoon."",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a dog is laying on the floor, possibly in a kitchen, with its belly exposed. The exact time range for each event or action is as follows:"

1. The dog is laying on the floor at 0:00.
2. The dog's belly is exposed at 0:03.
3. The dog is rolling on the floor at 0:06.
4. The dog is laying on its back at 0:10.
5. The dog is rolling on the floor at 0:13.
6. The dog is laying on its back at 0:16.
7. The dog is rolling on the floor at 0:19.
8. The dog is laying on its back at 0:22.
9. The dog is rolling on the floor at 0:25.
10. The dog is laying on its back at 0:28.
11. The dog is rolling on the floor at 0:31.
12. The dog is laying on its back at 0:34.
13. The dog is rolling on the floor at 0:37.
14. The dog is laying on its back at 0:40.
15. The dog is rolling on the floor at 0:43.
16. The dog is laying on its back at 0:46.
17. The dog is rolling on the floor at 0:49.
18. The dog is laying on its back at 0:52.
19. The dog is rolling on the floor at 0:55.
20. The dog is laying on its back at 0:58.
21. The dog is rolling on the floor at 1:01.
22. The dog is laying on its back at 1:04.
23. The dog is rolling on the floor at 1:07.
24. The dog is laying on its back at 1:10.
25. The dog is rolling on the floor at 1:13.
26. The dog is laying on its back at 1:16.
27. The dog is rolling on the floor at 1:19.
28. The dog is laying on its back at 1:22.
29. The dog is rolling on the floor at 1:25.
30. The dog is laying on its back at 1:28.
31. The dog is rolling on the floor at 1:31.
32. The dog is laying on its back at 1:34.
33. The dog is rolling on the floor at 1:37.
34. The dog is laying on its back at 1:40.
35. The dog is rolling on the floor at 1:43.
36. The dog is laying on its back at 1:46.
37. The dog is rolling on the floor at 1:49.
38. The dog is laying on its back at 1:52.
39. The dog is rolling on the floor at 1:55.
40. The dog is laying on its back at 1:58.
41. The dog is rolling on the floor at 2:01.
42. The dog is laying on its back at 2:04.
43. The dog is rolling on the floor at 2:07.
44. The dog is laying on its back at 2:10.
45. The dog is rolling on the floor at 2:13.
46. The dog is laying on its back at 2:16.
47. The dog is rolling on the floor at 2:19.
48. The dog is laying on its back at 2:22.
49. The dog is rolling on the floor at 2:25.
50. The dog is laying on its back at 2:28.
51. The dog is rolling on the floor at 2:31.
52. The dog is laying on its back at 2:34.
53. The dog is rolling on the floor at 2:37.
"54. The dog is laying on its back at"",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a white cat is seen sitting on a bed and looking at a camera. The exact time range for each event or action is as follows:"

1. The cat is sitting on the bed at 0:00.
2. The cat looks at the camera at 0:02.
3. The cat continues to look at the camera at 0:04.
4. The cat looks at the camera again at 0:06.
5. The cat looks at the camera for the third time at 0:08.

"These events provide a sequence of the cat's actions and interactions with the camera, showcasing its curiosity and attention towards the camera's presence."",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a man is walking through a grassy field while holding a camera. The exact time range for each event or action is as follows:"

1. The man is walking through the grassy field at 0:00.
2. He is holding a camera at 0:01.
3. He is walking through the grass at 0:02.
4. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:03.
5. He is walking through the grass at 0:04.
6. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:05.
7. He is walking through the grass at 0:06.
8. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:07.
9. He is walking through the grass at 0:08.
10. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:09.
11. He is walking through the grass at 0:10.
12. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:11.
13. He is walking through the grass at 0:12.
14. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:13.
15. He is walking through the grass at 0:14.
16. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:15.
17. He is walking through the grass at 0:16.
18. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:17.
19. He is walking through the grass at 0:18.
20. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:19.
21. He is walking through the grass at 0:20.
22. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:21.
23. He is walking through the grass at 0:22.
24. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:23.
25. He is walking through the grass at 0:24.
26. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:25.
27. He is walking through the grass at 0:26.
28. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:27.
29. He is walking through the grass at 0:28.
30. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:29.
31. He is walking through the grass at 0:30.
32. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:31.
33. He is walking through the grass at 0:32.
34. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:33.
35. He is walking through the grass at 0:34.
36. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:35.
37. He is walking through the grass at 0:36.
38. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:37.
39. He is walking through the grass at 0:38.
40. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:39.
41. He is walking through the grass at 0:40.
42. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:41.
43. He is walking through the grass at 0:42.
44. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:43.
45. He is walking through the grass at 0:44.
46. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:45.
47. He is walking through the grass at 0:46.
48. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:47.
49. He is walking through the grass at 0:48.
50. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:49.
51. He is walking through the grass at 0:50.
52. He is holding a camera and walking through the grass at 0:51.
"53. He is walking through the grass at 0:5"",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a group of men dressed in uniforms, possibly military or a marching band, are seen standing in a field. The exact time range in which each event or action happens is as follows:"

1. The group of men is standing in the field, possibly preparing for a performance or a march.
2. One of the men is playing a trumpet, which could be part of their performance or a practice session.
3. Another man is holding a drum, possibly indicating that they are a marching band or preparing for a performance.
4. The group of men is standing in the field, possibly waiting for their turn to perform or for the performance to begin.
5. The group of men is standing in the field, possibly taking a break or waiting for their next task or performance.

"These events or actions are spread across the video, but the exact time range for each event cannot be determined without more information."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a car is driving down a street, and a person is walking on the sidewalk. The exact time range for these events is from 0:00 to 0:05."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, the exact time range of events can be described as follows:"

1. 0:00 - The pot of sauce is placed on the stove, and the person is preparing to add the ingredients.
2. 0:05 - The person is pouring the sauce into the pot, and the time starts.
3. 0:10 - The person is adding ingredients to the pot, and the time continues.
4. 0:15 - The person is stirring the sauce, and the time continues.
5. 0:20 - The person is adding more ingredients to the pot, and the time continues.
6. 0:25 - The person is stirring the sauce, and the time continues.
7. 0:30 - The person is adding more ingredients to the pot, and the time continues.
8. 0:35 - The person is stirring the sauce, and the time continues.
9. 0:40 - The person is adding more ingredients to the pot, and the time continues.
10. 0:45 - The person is stirring the sauce, and the time continues.
11. 0:50 - The person is adding more ingredients to the pot, and the time continues.
12. 0:55 - The person is stirring the sauce, and the time continues.
13. 1:00 - The person is adding more ingredients to the pot, and the time continues.
14. 1:05 - The person is stirring the sauce, and the time continues.
15. 1:10 - The person is adding more ingredients to the pot, and the time continues.
16. 1:15 - The person is stirring the sauce, and the time continues.
17. 1:20 - The person is adding more ingredients to the pot, and the time continues.
18. 1:25 - The person is stirring the sauce, and the time continues.
19. 1:30 - The person is adding more ingredients to the pot, and the time continues.
20. 1:35 - The person is stirring the sauce, and the time continues.
21. 1:40 - The person is adding more ingredients to the pot, and the time continues.
22. 1:45 - The person is stirring the sauce, and the time continues.
23. 1:50 - The person is adding more ingredients to the pot, and the time continues.
24. 1:55 - The person is stirring the sauce, and the time continues.
25. 2:00 - The person is adding more ingredients to the pot, and the time continues.
26. 2:05 - The person is stirring the sauce, and the time continues.
27. 2:10 - The person is adding more ingredients to the pot, and the time continues.
28. 2:15 - The person is stirring the sauce, and the time continues.
29. 2:20 - The person is adding more ingredients to the pot, and the time continues.
30. 2:25 - The person is stirring the sauce, and the time continues.
31. 2:30 - The person is adding more ingredients to the pot, and the time continues.
32. 2:35 - The person is stirring the sauce, and the time continues.
33. 2:40 - The person is adding more ingredients to the pot, and the time continues.
34. 2:45 - The person is stirring the sauce, and the time continues.
35. 2:50 - The person is adding more ingredients to the pot, and the time continues.
36. 2:55 - The person is stirring the sauce, and the time continues.
37. 3:00 - The person is adding more ingredients to the pot, and the time continues.
38. 3:05 - The person is stirring the sauce, and the time continues.
39. 3:10 - The person is adding more ingredients to the pot, and the time continues.
"40. 3:15 -"",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, the woman is sitting in a red chair in front of a window. She is wearing glasses and has a red shirt. The exact time range of events in the video is not provided, but it is clear that she is engaged in a conversation with someone, possibly a man, who is not visible in the frame. The woman is looking at the camera, which suggests that she is aware of the person recording the video. The conversation could be about various topics, but the exact content of the conversation is not discernible from the video."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur within a specific time range. These events include:"

1. At 0:00, the video begins with a close-up of a fish in the water.
2. At 0:03, the fish starts to swim away from the camera.
3. At 0:05, the fish is seen swimming in the water, and the camera focuses on it.
4. At 0:08, the fish is swimming in the water, and the camera captures a close-up of it.
5. At 0:10, the fish is swimming in the water, and the camera captures a close-up of it.
6. At 0:13, the fish is swimming in the water, and the camera captures a close-up of it.
7. At 0:16, the fish is swimming in the water, and the camera captures a close-up of it.
8. At 0:19, the fish is swimming in the water, and the camera captures a close-up of it.
9. At 0:22, the fish is swimming in the water, and the camera captures a close-up of it.
10. At 0:25, the fish is swimming in the water, and the camera captures a close-up of it.

"These events occur within a time range of approximately 0:00 to 0:25, with each event happening at a slightly different time."",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a group of people riding horses in a field. The exact time range of the events cannot be determined with certainty, but it is clear that the people are engaged in horse riding and interacting with each other. They may be practicing riding techniques, enjoying a leisurely ride, or participating in a group activity. The video captures a moment of shared enjoyment and camaraderie among the riders."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur at different times. The first event is the man placing a doughnut on the doughnut machine, which is at 0:00. The second event is the doughnut machine spinning the doughnut, which occurs at 0:03. The third event is the man placing another doughnut on the machine, which happens at 0:06. The fourth event is the doughnut machine spinning the second doughnut, which occurs at 0:09. The fifth event is the man placing a third doughnut on the machine, which happens at 0:12. The sixth event is the doughnut machine spinning the third doughnut, which occurs at 0:15. The seventh event is the man placing a fourth doughnut on the machine, which happens at 0:18. The eighth event is the doughnut machine spinning the fourth doughnut, which occurs at 0:21. The ninth event is the man placing a fifth doughnut on the machine, which happens at 0:24. The tenth event is the doughnut machine spinning the fifth doughnut, which occurs at 0:27. The eleventh event is the man placing a sixth doughnut on the machine, which happens at 0:30. The twelfth event is the doughnut machine spinning the sixth doughnut, which occurs at 0:33. The thirteenth event is the man placing a seventh doughnut on the machine, which happens at 0:36. The fourteenth event is the doughnut machine spinning the seventh doughnut, which occurs at 0:39. The fifteenth event is the man placing an eighth doughnut on the machine, which happens at 0:42. The sixteenth event is the doughnut machine spinning the eighth doughnut, which occurs at 0:45. The seventeenth event is the man placing a ninth doughnut on the machine, which happens at 0:48. The eighteenth event is the doughnut machine spinning the ninth doughnut, which occurs at 0:51. The nineteenth event is the man placing a tenth doughnut on the machine, which happens at 0:54. The twentieth event is the doughnut machine spinning the tenth doughnut, which occurs at 0:57. The twenty-first event is the man placing an eleventh doughnut on the machine, which happens at 1:00. The twenty-second event is the doughnut machine spinning the eleventh doughnut, which occurs at 1:03. The twenty-third event is the man placing a twelfth doughnut on the machine, which happens at 1:06. The twenty-fourth event is the doughnut machine spinning the twelfth doughnut, which occurs at 1:09. The twenty-fifth event is the man placing a thirteenth doughnut on the machine, which happens at 1:12. The twenty-sixth event is the doughnut machine spinning the thirteenth doughnut, which occurs at 1:15. The twenty-seventh event is the man placing a fourteenth doughnut on the machine, which happens at 1:18. The twenty-eighth event is the doughnut machine spinning the fourteenth doughnut, which occurs at 1:21. The twenty-ninth event is the man placing a fifteenth doughnut on the machine, which happens at 1:24. The thirtieth event is the doughnut machine spinning the fifteenth doughnut, which occurs at 1:27. The thirty-first event is the man placing a sixteenth doughnut on the machine, which happens at 1:30. The thirty-second event is the doughnut machine spinning the sixteenth doughnut, which occurs at 1:33. The thirty-third event is the man placing a seventeenth doughnut on the machine, which happens at 1:36. The thirty-fourth event is the doughnut machine spinning the seventeenth doughnut, which occurs at 1:39. The thirty-fifth event is the man placing an eighteenth doughnut on the machine, which happens at 1:42. The thirty-sixth event is the doughnut machine spinning the eighteenth doughnut, which occur"",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a man is seen wearing a jacket and a hat, and he is talking to another person. The exact time range for these events is not provided, but it can be inferred that the man is engaged in a conversation with the other person. The conversation could be casual or professional, depending on the context of the video. The man's attire, including the jacket and hat, suggests that the weather might be cold or chilly, and he is dressed appropriately to stay warm and comfortable during the conversation."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, the man is standing on a field, holding a basketball, and talking to someone. The exact time range for each event or action is as follows:"

1. The man is standing on a field, holding a basketball, and talking to someone. This event occurs at 0:00.
2. The man is walking on the field, holding a basketball, and talking to someone. This event occurs at 0:05.
3. The man is standing on the field, holding a basketball, and talking to someone. This event occurs at 0:10.
4. The man is walking on the field, holding a basketball, and talking to someone. This event occurs at 0:15.
5. The man is standing on the field, holding a basketball, and talking to someone. This event occurs at 0:20.
6. The man is walking on the field, holding a basketball, and talking to someone. This event occurs at 0:25.
7. The man is standing on the field, holding a basketball, and talking to someone. This event occurs at 0:30.
8. The man is walking on the field, holding a basketball, and talking to someone. This event occurs at 0:35.
9. The man is standing on the field, holding a basketball, and talking to someone. This event occurs at 0:40.
10. The man is walking on the field, holding a basketball, and talking to someone. This event occurs at 0:45.
11. The man is standing on the field, holding a basketball, and talking to someone. This event occurs at 0:50.
12. The man is walking on the field, holding a basketball, and talking to someone. This event occurs at 0:55.
13. The man is standing on the field, holding a basketball, and talking to someone. This event occurs at 1:00.

"These events are presented in a continuous sequence, with the man engaging in various actions such as walking, standing, and talking to someone while holding the basketball."",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, the woman is sitting in a chair and talking to someone on a video call. The exact time range for each event or action is as follows:"

1. The woman is sitting in a chair and talking to someone on a video call.
2. The woman is sitting in a chair and talking to someone on a video call.
3. The woman is sitting in a chair and talking to someone on a video call.
4. The woman is sitting in a chair and talking to someone on a video call.
5. The woman is sitting in a chair and talking to someone on a video call.
6. The woman is sitting in a chair and talking to someone on a video call.
7. The woman is sitting in a chair and talking to someone on a video call.
8. The woman is sitting in a chair and talking to someone on a video call.
9. The woman is sitting in a chair and talking to someone on a video call.
10. The woman is sitting in a chair and talking to someone on a video call.

"These events or actions are repeated throughout the video, indicating that the woman is engaged in a continuous conversation with the person on the video call."",1,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a group of people is engaged in a dance class, with a man leading the group. The exact time range for each event or action is as follows:"

1. The man starts the class by leading the group in a warm-up exercise.
2. The group follows the man's instructions and performs the warm-up exercise.
3. The man then teaches the group a new dance move, and they practice it together.
4. The man continues to guide the group through the dance move, ensuring that they are executing it correctly.
5. The group continues to practice the dance move, with the man providing feedback and guidance.
6. The man concludes the class by thanking the group for their participation and encouraging them to continue practicing.

"These events or actions are captured in the video, showcasing the progression of the dance class and the participants' engagement in the activity."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur within a specific time range. The video shows a man riding a horse in a ring, with the horse galloping and the man maintaining his balance. The exact time range for these events can be described as:"

1. The horse galloping: This event occurs at the beginning of the video, as the horse is moving quickly around the ring.
2. The man riding the horse: The man is seen riding the horse in the ring, maintaining his balance and control over the horse's movements.
3. The man dismounting the horse: The man dismounts the horse at the end of the video, demonstrating his ability to control the horse and safely dismount.

"These events occur within a relatively short time frame, showcasing the man's skill and control over the horse during the activity."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a group of people is performing a synchronized dance on a city street. The exact time range for each event or action is as follows:"

1. The group of people starts performing the dance at 0:00.
2. At 0:05, the group is seen walking down the street, preparing for the performance.
3. At 0:10, the group is in the middle of the street, performing the synchronized dance.
4. At 0:15, the group has finished the performance and is walking away from the street.

"These events are captured in a single continuous shot, showcasing the group's synchronized dance and their coordination on the city street."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur at different times. The man is seen walking into the gym, standing in front of a rack of dumbbells, and then placing a barbell on the ground. He is also seen walking away from the barbell, and there is a close-up of the barbell. The video shows the man's movements and interactions with the equipment in the gym, highlighting the various tasks he is performing."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a woman is seen sitting on a couch and playing a video game using a Wii remote. The exact time range for each event or action is as follows:"

1. The woman is sitting on the couch at 0:00.
2. She picks up the Wii remote at 0:05.
3. She starts playing the video game at 0:10.
4. She is actively engaged in the gameplay at 0:15.
5. She is still playing the game at 0:20.

"These events provide a sequence of the woman's actions and interactions with the Wii remote and the video game during the time range displayed in the video."",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a man is sitting in a boat on a lake, and he is talking to someone on a cell phone. The exact time range for these events is as follows:"

1. The man is sitting in the boat and talking on his cell phone.
2. The man is sitting in the boat and looking at the camera.
3. The man is sitting in the boat and talking to someone on his cell phone.
4. The man is sitting in the boat and looking at the camera.
5. The man is sitting in the boat and talking to someone on his cell phone.

"These events are captured in a continuous sequence, showcasing the man's interaction with the cell phone and the surrounding environment."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a woman is standing in a grassy field, holding a frisbee. The exact time range for each event or action is as follows:"

1. The woman is standing in the grassy field, holding the frisbee, at 0:00.
2. She starts to throw the frisbee at 0:01.
3. The frisbee is in the air at 0:02.
4. The frisbee is in the air for a few seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:03.
5. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:04.
6. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:05.
7. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:06.
8. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:07.
9. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:08.
10. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:09.
11. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:10.
12. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:11.
13. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:12.
14. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:13.
15. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:14.
16. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:15.
17. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:16.
18. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:17.
19. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:18.
20. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:19.
21. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:20.
22. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:21.
23. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:22.
24. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:23.
25. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:24.
26. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:25.
27. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:26.
28. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:27.
29. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:28.
30. The frisbee is in the air for a few more seconds, and the woman is looking at the camera at 0:29.
"31. The frisbee is in the air"",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur within a specific time range. The exact time range cannot be determined without more information, but the events can be described as follows:"

1. A man is seen on the ground, possibly wrestling or grappling with another man. This event occurs at approximately 0:00-0:05.
2. The man on the ground is then punched in the face, which happens at approximately 0:05-0:10.
3. The man who punched the other man is then seen on the ground, possibly due to a counterattack or a fall. This event occurs at approximately 0:10-0:15.
4. The man who was punched is then seen standing up and walking away from the scene. This event occurs at approximately 0:15-0:20.

"These events provide a brief snapshot of the interactions between the two men in the video, but the exact time ranges cannot be determined without more information."",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur over a specific time range. The exact time range cannot be determined with certainty, but the events can be described as follows:"

1. A man is seen walking into the gym, likely entering the building or the gym area.
2. The man is seen walking towards the camera, possibly approaching the person recording the video.
3. The man is seen walking away from the camera, possibly leaving the gym or the gym area.
4. The man is seen walking towards the camera, possibly approaching the person recording the video again.
5. The man is seen walking away from the camera, possibly leaving the gym or the gym area once more.

"These events suggest that the man is either entering or leaving the gym, or he is walking around the gym area, possibly engaging in some activity or conversation."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur at different times. The video shows a person cutting a cake with a knife, which happens at 0:00. The person then takes a bite of the cake, and this action starts at 0:02. After taking a bite, the person hands the knife to another person, which happens at 0:05. The person who received the knife then cuts the cake, starting at 0:07. The video ends with the person cutting the cake, which occurs at 0:10."",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that can be identified. The exact time range for each event or action is not provided, but they can be described as follows:"

1. A person is walking down the street, possibly with a dog on a leash.
2. A man is talking on a cell phone.
3. A woman is walking down the street, possibly with a dog on a leash.
4. A dog is barking.
5. A man is walking down the street, possibly with a dog on a leash.
6. A person is talking on a cell phone.

"These events or actions are spread across different parts of the video, but they all occur within the same general time frame."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a woman is seen dancing in a boxing ring. The exact time range for each event or action cannot be determined with certainty, but the video shows the woman dancing in the ring, possibly performing a choreographed dance routine. The sequence of events could include her preparing for the dance, starting the dance, and possibly finishing the dance. The exact time range for each event is not provided, but the video captures the woman's engagement in the activity."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a man is sitting in front of a camera and looking at the camera. The exact time range for each event or action is as follows:"

1. The man is sitting in front of the camera at 0:00.
2. The man looks at the camera at 0:01.
3. The man continues to look at the camera for a few more seconds.
4. The man then turns his head to the side at 0:05.
5. The man looks back at the camera at 0:06.
6. The man continues to look at the camera for a few more seconds.
7. The man then turns his head to the side again at 0:10.
8. The man looks back at the camera at 0:11.
9. The man continues to look at the camera for a few more seconds.
10. The man then turns his head to the side for the final time at 0:15.
11. The man looks back at the camera at 0:16.

"These events or actions provide a sequence of the man's interactions with the camera, capturing his gaze and head movements throughout the video."",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a man is seen sitting in a chair and talking on a video call. The exact time range for this event is 0:00 to 0:05."

Next, the man is seen standing up and walking away from the camera. The time range for this event is 0:05 to 0:10.

"Finally, the man is seen sitting back down in the chair, likely after having walked away. The time range for this event is 0:10 to 0:15."",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur over a specific time range. The exact time range cannot be determined from the video alone, but it is evident that the events and actions are spread out over a certain duration. Here is a sequence of events and actions:"

1. A woman is playing a game on a Nintendo Wii console, holding a Wii remote in her hand.
2. A man is sitting in front of the woman, watching her play the game.
3. The woman is playing a game on the Wii console, and the man is watching her.
4. The man is holding a Wii remote, possibly trying to play the game or assist the woman.
5. The woman is still playing the game, and the man is still watching her.

"These events and actions are spread out over a period of time, with the woman playing the game and the man watching her, and the man possibly trying to play or assist her."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that take place over a specific time range. The exact time range cannot be determined without additional information, but the events include:"

1. A person is seen cutting something with a knife, possibly a vegetable or a piece of food.
2. The person is seen stirring something in a bowl, possibly a soup or a sauce.
3. The person is seen pouring something into a bowl or a container.
4. The person is seen cutting a piece of food with a knife.
5. The person is seen stirring something in a bowl or a container.

"These events suggest that the person is engaged in various cooking or food preparation tasks, possibly involving cutting, stirring, and pouring ingredients into a bowl or container."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur at specific time ranges. These include:"

1. At 0:00, the woman is sitting on a chair in a room, and the camera is focused on her.
2. At 0:04, the woman is seen sitting on the chair with her legs crossed.
3. At 0:08, the woman is sitting on the chair with her legs crossed and looking at the camera.
4. At 0:12, the woman is seen sitting on the chair with her legs crossed and looking at the camera.
5. At 0:16, the woman is sitting on the chair with her legs crossed and looking at the camera.
6. At 0:20, the woman is seen sitting on the chair with her legs crossed and looking at the camera.
7. At 0:24, the woman is sitting on the chair with her legs crossed and looking at the camera.
8. At 0:28, the woman is sitting on the chair with her legs crossed and looking at the camera.
9. At 0:32, the woman is sitting on the chair with her legs crossed and looking at the camera.
10. At 0:36, the woman is sitting on the chair with her legs crossed and looking at the camera.
11. At 0:40, the woman is sitting on the chair with her legs crossed and looking at the camera.
12. At 0:44, the woman is sitting on the chair with her legs crossed and looking at the camera.
13. At 0:48, the woman is sitting on the chair with her legs crossed and looking at the camera.
14. At 0:52, the woman is sitting on the chair with her legs crossed and looking at the camera.
15. At 0:56, the woman is sitting on the chair with her legs crossed and looking at the camera.
16. At 1:00, the woman is sitting on the chair with her legs crossed and looking at the camera.

"These events or actions occur at specific intervals, providing a clear sequence of the woman's actions and interactions with the camera."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The exact time range of the events in the video is as follows:"

1. The person starts talking to the computer program.
2. The computer program responds to the person's input.
3. The person continues to engage with the computer program, asking questions or providing information.
4. The computer program continues to provide responses to the person's input.
5. The person and the computer program continue their conversation, with the person asking questions and the computer program providing answers.

"These events are captured in a continuous sequence, showcasing the interaction between the person and the computer program."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur at specific time ranges. These include:"

1. The user starts the video call at 0:00.
2. The user picks up a knife at 0:06.
3. The user cuts something at 0:10.
4. The user puts the knife down at 0:15.
5. The user picks up a spoon at 0:20.
6. The user puts the spoon down at 0:25.
7. The user picks up a bowl at 0:30.
8. The user puts the bowl down at 0:35.

"These events provide a sequence of actions that the user is performing during the video call, which can be used to understand the context and purpose of the call."",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a person is seen holding a cell phone and talking to someone. The exact time range for these events is not provided, but it is clear that the person is engaged in a conversation on the phone. The conversation could be related to various topics, such as personal, professional, or social matters. The person holding the phone might be the one who is talking or listening to the conversation, or they could be waiting for their turn to speak."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, a person is seen holding a cell phone and talking to someone. The exact time range for these events is between 0:00 and 0:05. The person is then seen holding the cell phone to their ear, which occurs between 0:05 and 0:10. The person is also seen looking at the cell phone screen, which occurs between 0:10 and 0:15. Finally, the person is seen putting the cell phone down, which occurs between 0:15 and 0:20."",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur at specific time ranges. First, the person is seen washing their hands in the sink at 0:00. Next, they are seen drying their hands with a towel at 0:03. Afterwards, they are seen using a sponge to clean the sink at 0:07. Finally, they are seen putting the sponge back in the sink at 0:10. These events provide a clear sequence of actions that the person is performing in the kitchen."",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur over a specific time range. The exact time range cannot be determined with certainty, but the events can be described as follows:"

1. At 0:00, the video shows a person holding a knife and cutting something on a cutting board.
2. At 0:05, the person is seen cutting a piece of food on the cutting board.
3. At 0:10, the person is seen placing a knife on a counter.
4. At 0:15, the person is seen cutting a piece of food on the cutting board.
5. At 0:20, the person is seen cutting a piece of food on the cutting board.

"These events demonstrate the person's actions of cutting and handling food using a knife, which are common kitchen tasks. The exact duration of each event cannot be determined, but the video captures a series of actions that occur within a short period of time."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a sequence of events where a person is using a cell phone, possibly to communicate with someone. The exact time range for each event cannot be determined with certainty, but the following events can be observed:"

1. The person is holding the cell phone in their hand.
2. They are looking at the cell phone screen.
3. The person is talking on the cell phone.
4. The person is looking at the cell phone screen again.
5. The person is holding the cell phone to their ear.

"These events suggest that the person is engaged in a conversation or interacting with someone on the other end of the call. The exact duration of each event cannot be determined, but it is clear that the person is using the cell phone for communication purposes."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur at specific time ranges. These include:"

1. At 0:00, the person is cutting ingredients on a cutting board.
2. At 0:04, the person is using a knife to cut ingredients on the cutting board.
3. At 0:07, the person is using a spoon to stir ingredients in a bowl.
4. At 0:10, the person is cutting ingredients on the cutting board.
5. At 0:13, the person is using a knife to cut ingredients on the cutting board.
6. At 0:16, the person is using a spoon to stir ingredients in a bowl.
7. At 0:19, the person is cutting ingredients on the cutting board.
8. At 0:22, the person is using a knife to cut ingredients on the cutting board.
9. At 0:25, the person is using a spoon to stir ingredients in a bowl.
10. At 0:28, the person is cutting ingredients on the cutting board.
11. At 0:31, the person is using a knife to cut ingredients on the cutting board.
12. At 0:34, the person is using a spoon to stir ingredients in a bowl.

"These events demonstrate the person's actions of cutting ingredients, stirring ingredients, and using various utensils during the cooking process."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, the following salient events or actions can be identified:"

1. At 0:00, the person is standing in a kitchen and holding a spoon.
2. At 0:04, the person is stirring the pot on the stove.
3. At 0:08, the person is holding a bowl and a spoon.
4. At 0:12, the person is stirring the pot on the stove.
5. At 0:16, the person is holding a bowl and a spoon.
6. At 0:20, the person is stirring the pot on the stove.
7. At 0:24, the person is holding a bowl and a spoon.
8. At 0:28, the person is stirring the pot on the stove.
9. At 0:32, the person is holding a bowl and a spoon.
10. At 0:36, the person is stirring the pot on the stove.

"These events or actions show the person preparing a meal in the kitchen, with the primary focus on stirring the pot on the stove."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur at different times. These events include:"

1. A person pouring water into a sink at 0:00.
2. The person washing their hands at 0:03.
3. The person drying their hands at 0:06.
4. The person putting a dish in the sink at 0:10.
5. The person washing the dish at 0:13.
6. The person drying their hands at 0:16.
7. The person putting a dish in the sink at 0:20.
8. The person washing the dish at 0:23.
9. The person drying their hands at 0:26.
10. The person putting a dish in the sink at 0:30.
11. The person washing the dish at 0:33.
12. The person drying their hands at 0:36.
13. The person putting a dish in the sink at 0:40.
14. The person washing the dish at 0:43.
15. The person drying their hands at 0:46.
16. The person putting a dish in the sink at 0:50.
17. The person washing the dish at 0:53.
18. The person drying their hands at 0:56.
19. The person putting a dish in the sink at 0:59.
20. The person washing the dish at 1:02.
21. The person drying their hands at 1:05.
22. The person putting a dish in the sink at 1:08.
23. The person washing the dish at 1:11.
24. The person drying their hands at 1:14.
25. The person putting a dish in the sink at 1:17.
26. The person washing the dish at 1:20.
27. The person drying their hands at 1:23.
28. The person putting a dish in the sink at 1:26.
29. The person washing the dish at 1:29.
30. The person drying their hands at 1:32.
31. The person putting a dish in the sink at 1:35.
32. The person washing the dish at 1:38.
33. The person drying their hands at 1:41.
34. The person putting a dish in the sink at 1:44.
35. The person washing the dish at 1:47.
36. The person drying their hands at 1:50.
37. The person putting a dish in the sink at 1:53.
38. The person washing the dish at 1:56.
39. The person drying their hands at 1:59.
40. The person putting a dish in the sink at 2:02.
41. The person washing the dish at 2:05.
42. The person drying their hands at 2:08.
43. The person putting a dish in the sink at 2:11.
44. The person washing the dish at 2:14.
45. The person drying their hands at 2:17.
46. The person putting a dish in the sink at 2:20.
47. The person washing the dish at 2:23.
48. The person drying their hands at 2:26.
49. The person putting a dish in the sink at 2:29.
50. The person washing the dish at 2:32.
51. The person drying their hands at 2:35.
52. The person putting a dish in the sink at 2:38.
53. The person washing the dish at 2:41.
54. The person drying their hands at 2:44.
55. The person putting a dish in the sink at 2:47.
"5"",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur at different times. The exact time ranges for each event or action are as follows:"

1. At 0:00, the camera is turned on, and the video begins.
2. At 0:04, the user picks up a knife from the counter.
3. At 0:11, the user places the knife on the counter.
4. At 0:15, the user picks up a spoon from the counter.
5. At 0:21, the user places the spoon on the counter.
6. At 0:25, the user picks up a bowl from the counter.
7. At 0:30, the user places the bowl on the counter.
8. At 0:35, the user picks up a cup from the counter.
9. At 0:40, the user places the cup on the counter.
10. At 0:45, the user picks up a bottle from the counter.
11. At 0:50, the user places the bottle on the counter.

"These events and actions provide a sequence of actions that the user is performing in the kitchen, which may be related to cooking or cleaning."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur at different times. The first event is the opening of the oven door, which happens at 0:00. The second event is the placement of a bowl inside the oven, which occurs at 0:01. The third event is the closing of the oven door, which happens at 0:02. The fourth event is the opening of the oven door again, which occurs at 0:03. The fifth event is the removal of the bowl from the oven, which happens at 0:04. The sixth event is the closing of the oven door for the final time, which occurs at 0:05."",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur at different times. The exact time ranges for each event or action are as follows:"

1. At 0:00, the camera is turned on, and the kitchen is shown.
2. At 0:04, the camera zooms in on the kitchen counter, focusing on the sink and the cupboard.
3. At 0:10, the camera zooms in on the cupboard, revealing a bottle inside.
4. At 0:15, the camera zooms in on the bottle, showing its label.
5. At 0:20, the camera zooms in on the sink, focusing on the faucet.
6. At 0:25, the camera zooms in on the faucet, showing the water flowing.
7. At 0:30, the camera zooms in on the water flowing from the faucet.
8. At 0:35, the camera zooms in on the water droplets on the faucet.
9. At 0:40, the camera zooms in on the water droplets, focusing on the water droplets on the faucet.
10. At 0:45, the camera zooms in on the water droplets, showing the water droplets on the faucet.

"These events or actions provide a detailed view of the kitchen and its elements, showcasing the sink, cupboard, faucet, and water flow."",0,1,0,1,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur at specific times. These include:"

1. At 0:00, the user is shown opening the refrigerator door.
2. At 0:03, the user pulls out a bowl from the refrigerator.
3. At 0:05, the user is seen taking a bowl out of the refrigerator.
4. At 0:07, the user is seen putting a bowl back into the refrigerator.
5. At 0:10, the user is shown closing the refrigerator door.

"These events provide a clear sequence of actions that the user is performing in the kitchen, demonstrating the process of retrieving and storing items from the refrigerator."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a sequence of events where a person is preparing food in a kitchen. The exact time range for each event cannot be determined with certainty, but it can be inferred that the person is using the kitchen for various tasks. The sequence of events includes:"

1. The person is in the kitchen, possibly washing their hands or preparing ingredients.
2. The person is using a knife to cut something, possibly a vegetable or a piece of meat.
3. The person is using a spoon to stir something in a pan, possibly a sauce or a dish.
4. The person is using a bowl to mix ingredients or to serve food.
5. The person is using a cutting board to prepare food, possibly slicing or chopping ingredients.

"These events suggest that the person is actively engaged in various kitchen tasks, such as preparing a meal or cooking, which can be inferred from the use of different utensils and the presence of food-related items in the kitchen."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur within a specific time range. The first event is the user placing a piece of food on the cutting board at 0:00. The second event is the user cutting the food on the cutting board at 0:02. The third event is the user placing a knife on the cutting board at 0:04. The fourth event is the user cutting the food with the knife at 0:06. The fifth event is the user placing a bowl on the cutting board at 0:10. The sixth event is the user placing a spoon in the bowl at 0:12. The seventh event is the user cutting the food with the knife and spoon at 0:14. The eighth event is the user placing a fork on the cutting board at 0:16. The ninth event is the user cutting the food with the fork at 0:18. The tenth event is the user placing a plate on the cutting board at 0:20. The eleventh event is the user cutting the food with the knife, spoon, and fork at 0:22. The twelfth event is the user placing the food on the plate at 0:24."",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, we see a person using a microwave to heat up food. The exact time range for each event or action is as follows:"

1. The person opens the microwave door at 0:00.
2. The person places the food item inside the microwave at 0:02.
3. The person closes the microwave door at 0:04.
4. The person starts the microwave at 0:06.
5. The person checks the food at 0:10.
6. The person takes the food out of the microwave at 0:12.
7. The person places the food on a plate at 0:14.
8. The person closes the microwave door at 0:16.

"These events are captured in a continuous sequence, showing the process of heating the food in the microwave."",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that can be identified. The exact time range for each event or action is as follows:"

1. At 0:00, the camera is turned on, and the kitchen is shown.
2. At 0:04, the microwave is opened, and a bowl is placed inside it.
3. At 0:08, the microwave door is closed, and the bowl is placed on the counter.
4. At 0:12, the microwave is turned on, and the bowl is placed inside it.
5. At 0:16, the microwave door is opened, and the bowl is removed from the microwave.
6. At 0:20, the bowl is placed on the counter.
7. At 0:24, the microwave is turned off.
8. At 0:28, the microwave door is closed.

"These events and actions provide a clear sequence of events in the kitchen, indicating the time it takes to prepare and cook food using a microwave."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions that occur within a specific time range. These include:"

1. At 0:00, a cup of coffee is placed on a dining table.
2. At 0:05, a microwave is turned on, and a bowl is placed inside it.
3. At 0:10, the microwave door is opened, and the bowl is removed.
4. At 0:15, a cup of coffee is placed on the table.
5. At 0:20, the cup of coffee is poured into a bowl.

"These events are spread across a minute, with the microwave being used for heating the bowl and the cup of coffee being poured into the bowl. The time range between 0:00 and 0:20 captures the various actions and interactions between the objects and the dining table."",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a sequence of events that take place over a period of approximately 10 seconds. The exact time range cannot be determined with certainty, but the events can be described as follows:"

1. At 0:00, the camera is focused on a kitchen counter with a knife on it.
2. At 0:05, the camera zooms in on the knife, and the viewer can see the blade of the knife.
3. At 0:10, the camera zooms out, and the viewer can see the kitchen counter with the knife on it.
4. At 0:15, the camera zooms in on the knife again, and the viewer can see the handle of the knife.
5. At 0:20, the camera zooms out, and the viewer can see the kitchen counter with the knife on it.
6. At 0:25, the camera zooms in on the knife, and the viewer can see the blade of the knife.
7. At 0:30, the camera zooms out, and the viewer can see the kitchen counter with the knife on it.
8. At 0:35, the camera zooms in on the knife, and the viewer can see the handle of the knife.
9. At 0:40, the camera zooms out, and the viewer can see the kitchen counter with the knife on it.
10. At 0:45, the camera zooms in on the knife, and the viewer can see the blade of the knife.

"These events capture the various stages of the knife's appearance on the kitchen counter, providing a comprehensive view of the knife's position and details."",0,1,0,1,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""In the video, there are several salient events and actions that occur at specific time ranges. These include:"

1. At 0:00, the camera shows a kitchen counter with a microwave, a bowl, and a cup.
2. At 0:03, the camera focuses on a bowl on the counter.
3. At 0:07, the camera shows the microwave and the bowl on the counter.
4. At 0:10, the camera captures the microwave and the bowl on the counter.
5. At 0:14, the camera shows the microwave and the bowl on the counter.
6. At 0:17, the camera captures the microwave and the bowl on the counter.
7. At 0:20, the camera shows the microwave and the bowl on the counter.
8. At 0:23, the camera captures the microwave and the bowl on the counter.
9. At 0:26, the camera shows the microwave and the bowl on the counter.
10. At 0:29, the camera captures the microwave and the bowl on the counter.
11. At 0:32, the camera shows the microwave and the bowl on the counter.
12. At 0:35, the camera captures the microwave and the bowl on the counter.
13. At 0:38, the camera shows the microwave and the bowl on the counter.
14. At 0:41, the camera captures the microwave and the bowl on the counter.
15. At 0:44, the camera shows the microwave and the bowl on the counter.
16. At 0:47, the camera captures the microwave and the bowl on the counter.
17. At 0:50, the camera shows the microwave and the bowl on the counter.
18. At 0:53, the camera captures the microwave and the bowl on the counter.
19. At 0:56, the camera shows the microwave and the bowl on the counter.
20. At 0:59, the camera captures the microwave and the bowl on the counter.

"These events and actions provide a clear sequence of the microwave and the bowl on the counter, capturing the microwave and the bowl at various time points throughout the video."",0,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair and holding a sandwich. They are also holding a cell phone in their other hand. The person is likely taking a break or having a meal while using their phone. The exact timeline of events cannot be determined from the provided video, but it is evident that the person is engaged in both eating and using their phone at the same time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is sitting in a chair and talking to someone on a video call. He is engaged in a conversation with a woman, and the video shows a close-up of the man's face. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes the man sitting in the chair, the close-up of his face, and the conversation between him and the woman."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer. The person is asking the assistant a question, and the assistant is providing a response. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The person sitting in the chair and engaging in a conversation with the large vision-language assistant.
2. The person asking a question to the assistant.
3. The assistant providing a response to the person's question.

"These events occur in a continuous sequence, with the person and the assistant actively communicating with each other."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting on a bench in a park, and they are talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is likely a computer program or a chatbot. The person is asking the assistant a question, and the assistant is providing an answer. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The person sitting on the bench in the park.
2. The person talking to the large vision-language assistant.
"3. The assistant providing an answer to the person's question."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a woman is sitting at a table and talking to someone on a video call. She is holding a cell phone and appears to be engaged in a conversation. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes the woman sitting at the table, holding the cell phone, and talking to someone on the video call. The exact content of the conversation is not visible, but it is clear that she is participating in a video call with another person."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a room, and one person is speaking into a microphone. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video can be summarized as follows:"

1. The person speaking into the microphone starts talking.
2. The group of people in the room listens to the speaker.
3. The speaker continues talking, and the group of people remains attentive.
4. The speaker concludes their speech, and the group of people continues to be present in the room.

"These events capture the essence of the video, which is a gathering of people in a room, with one person speaking into a microphone and the others listening attentively."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in front of a camera, and they are talking to someone who is not visible in the frame. The person is wearing a black shirt and is sitting on a couch. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes the person talking to someone off-camera, sitting on the couch, and possibly engaging in a conversation or discussion."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer. The person is asking the assistant a question, and the assistant is providing an answer. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The person sitting in the chair and talking to the large vision-language assistant.
2. The person asking a question to the assistant.
3. The assistant providing an answer to the person's question.

"These events are captured in a single continuous shot, showcasing the interaction between the person and the large vision-language assistant."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a car and talking to someone on a cell phone. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The person is sitting in the car, and they are talking on their cell phone.
2. The person is holding the cell phone to their ear, actively engaged in the conversation.
3. The person is sitting in the car, and they are talking on their cell phone.

"These events describe the main actions and interactions taking place in the video, providing a clear understanding of the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a car and talking to someone on a cell phone. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The person is sitting in the car, likely driving, and talking on the cell phone.
2. The person is engaged in a conversation, which could be related to work, personal matters, or any other topic.
3. The person is likely multitasking, as they are driving and talking on the phone simultaneously. This can be dangerous and may not be allowed in some jurisdictions due to the risk of accidents caused by distracted driving.

"It is important to note that the person's actions may not be legal or safe in some places, and it is always advisable to follow local traffic laws and regulations to ensure the safety of oneself and others on the road."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a room and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The person is asking the assistant about a specific topic, and the assistant provides an answer. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes the person sitting in the room, talking to the computer program, and receiving an answer from the assistant."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a car and talking to someone on a cell phone. The person on the phone is asking the car's occupant about a specific topic, and the car occupant is trying to explain it. The conversation seems to be focused on a particular event or situation, and the car occupant is providing information or clarification to the person on the phone. The timeline of the events in the video includes the car occupant talking to someone on the phone, the person on the phone asking for information, and the car occupant trying to explain the situation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting on a couch and holding a dog. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The person sitting on the couch with the dog.
2. The person holding the dog, possibly petting it or showing it off.
3. The person talking to the camera, possibly explaining the dog or sharing their experience.
4. The person and the dog are both sitting on the couch, with the dog on the person's lap.
5. The person is holding the dog, and the dog is looking at the camera.

"These events provide a glimpse into the interaction between the person and the dog, showcasing a moment of bonding and connection between them."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is riding a bicycle down a street, and the bicycle is equipped with a basket. The person is also wearing a helmet, which is an essential safety measure for cyclists. The video captures the bicycle moving down the street, and the rider appears to be enjoying the ride. The timeline of events in the video includes the person starting to ride the bicycle, riding down the street, and possibly engaging in other activities such as navigating traffic or enjoying the outdoors."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting at a table with a plate of food in front of them. They are holding a fork and eating the food. The person is also talking on a cell phone while eating. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The person sitting at the table with a plate of food.
2. The person holding a fork and eating the food.
"3. The person talking on a cell phone while eating."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in front of a computer with a camera, and they are talking to someone else. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The person sitting in front of the computer with the camera.
2. The person talking to someone else, possibly through a video call or a messaging platform.
3. The person appears to be looking at the camera, possibly responding to the person they are talking to.
4. The person is sitting in front of a tree, which could be the background of the video call or a natural setting.

"These events provide a general overview of the interactions taking place in the video, but the specific details of the conversation or the identity of the person being spoken to are not evident."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a room and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes the following:"

1. The person starts talking to the computer program, which is the large vision-language assistant.
2. The person asks the computer program a question, and the program responds with a text-based answer.
3. The person continues to interact with the computer program, asking additional questions and receiving responses.
4. The person appears to be satisfied with the answers provided by the computer program, indicating that the interaction was helpful or informative.

"These events demonstrate the capabilities of the large vision-language assistant in understanding and responding to the user's questions, providing valuable information and assistance in the process."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a room and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer. The person is asking the assistant questions and receiving answers. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The person sitting in the room and engaging in conversation with the computer.
2. The computer providing answers to the person's questions.
3. The person continuing to ask questions and receive answers from the computer.
"4. The video ends with the person still talking to the computer."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The timeline of salient events in the video includes a man sitting down, a woman standing next to him, and a dog in the background. The man is holding a cell phone, and the woman is talking to him. The dog is also present in the scene, and the man is looking at the dog while the woman speaks. The video also features a sign that says """"Silence is Trail,"""" which could be a reference to a social media post or a statement made by the woman. The overall scene appears to be a casual conversation between the man and the woman, with the dog as a background element."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The timeline of events in the video starts with a man sitting in a chair, holding a remote control. He then starts talking to someone, likely a woman, who is not visible in the frame. The man is talking about a video, and the woman responds by saying """"I'm not watching it."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then says, """"I'm not watching it either,"""" and the woman responds, """"I'm not watching it either."""" The man then"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a plane is landing on the runway, and there are several cars driving on the road nearby. The scene takes place during the day, and the sky is clear. The timeline of events includes the plane landing on the runway, followed by the cars driving on the road. The exact order of events cannot be determined with certainty, but it is clear that the plane is landing and the cars are driving on the road at the same time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The person is asking the assistant various questions, and the assistant is providing answers in a natural language. The timeline of events in the video includes:"

1. The person sitting in the chair and engaging in conversation with the vision-language assistant.
2. The assistant providing answers to the person's questions, demonstrating its ability to understand and respond to natural language input.
3. The conversation continues as the person asks more questions and receives responses from the vision-language assistant.

"These events showcase the capabilities of the vision-language assistant in understanding and responding to human input, making it a valuable tool for various tasks and applications."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a tree, holding a cell phone. They are using the phone to take a picture of themselves in the tree. The person then hands the cell phone to another person, who is also sitting in the tree. The second person takes a picture of themselves using the cell phone. The first person then hands the cell phone back to the person who originally held it. This sequence of events shows the sharing of the cell phone for taking pictures of themselves in the tree, creating a sense of connection and enjoyment of the moment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is riding a skateboard down a street, and the camera follows the skateboarder as they move. The skateboarder is wearing a helmet, which is an essential safety measure while skateboarding. The video captures the skateboarder's movements and the surrounding environment, including the street and the park. The timeline of events includes the skateboarder starting their ride, the camera following them, and the skateboarder continuing their ride down the street. The helmet worn by the skateboarder highlights the importance of safety while engaging in such activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a car and talking to someone on a cell phone. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video are as follows:"

1. The person is sitting in the car and talking on the cell phone.
2. The person is looking at the camera, possibly acknowledging the presence of the person recording the video.
3. The person continues talking on the cell phone while the car is in motion.
4. The person is seen talking on the cell phone while the car is stopped.
5. The person is seen talking on the cell phone while the car is in motion again.

"These events provide a glimpse into the person's conversation and the context in which they are using their cell phone while driving."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a chair and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which appears to be a computer program. The person is asking the assistant to perform various tasks, such as playing a video, taking a picture, and sending a message. The assistant responds to the user's requests by performing the tasks and providing the necessary information or instructions. The timeline of the events in the video can be described as follows:"

1. The person starts by sitting in the chair and initiating a conversation with the vision-language assistant.
2. The person asks the assistant to play a video, and the assistant responds by playing the video.
3. The person asks the assistant to take a picture, and the assistant responds by taking a picture.
4. The person asks the assistant to send a message, and the assistant responds by providing instructions on how to send the message.

"These interactions demonstrate the capabilities of the vision-language assistant in assisting the user with various tasks and providing information in a conversational manner."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. A man is walking down a street, and he is talking on his cell phone.
2. A car is driving down the street, and it is passing by the man who is talking on his cell phone.
3. The car is driving down the street, and it is passing by a person who is talking on his cell phone.
4. The car is driving down the street, and it is passing by a person who is talking on his cell phone.
5. The car is driving down the street, and it is passing by a person who is talking on his cell phone.

"These events showcase the interaction between the man talking on his cell phone and the car driving down the street. The timeline indicates that the car is moving at a steady pace, and the man is engaged in a conversation on his cell phone."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a chef is preparing food on a stove, using a knife to cut ingredients. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The chef is seen cutting ingredients on the stove.
2. The chef is using a knife to cut ingredients.
3. The chef is preparing food on the stove.
4. The chef is actively engaged in the process of cooking.

"These actions demonstrate the chef's skill and expertise in preparing food, as well as their ability to use various kitchen tools, such as a knife, to ensure the dish is prepared to perfection."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in front of a laptop, and the screen displays a video of a person talking. The person is engaged in a conversation with the laptop, possibly using a video-chat platform. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes the person sitting in front of the laptop, the laptop displaying the video of the person talking, and the person engaging in conversation with the laptop."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, there is a man sitting in a boat, possibly on a lake, and he is talking to someone. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The man is sitting in the boat, possibly on a lake, and he is talking to someone.
2. The man is sitting in the boat and talking to someone, possibly on a cell phone.
3. The man is sitting in the boat and talking to someone, possibly on a cell phone.
4. The man is sitting in the boat and talking to someone, possibly on a cell phone.
5. The man is sitting in the boat and talking to someone, possibly on a cell phone.

"These events are captured in a series of still images, which show the man sitting in the boat and engaging in conversation with someone."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen riding a horse on a grassy hillside. The timeline of events or actions can be described as follows:"

1. The person is mounted on the horse, and they are riding up the hill.
2. The horse is walking up the hill, and the rider is maintaining their balance.
3. The rider and the horse reach the top of the hill, where they stop for a moment.
4. The rider and the horse continue to walk down the hill, enjoying the scenic view.
5. The rider dismounts from the horse, and the horse walks away.

"These events showcase the rider's skill in horseback riding and the bond between the rider and the horse."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is walking down a dirt road, and they are talking to someone on a cell phone. The person on the phone is described as a woman. The timeline of events in the video includes the person walking down the dirt road, engaging in a conversation on their cell phone, and possibly discussing something with the woman on the other end of the call. The exact content of the conversation cannot be determined from the visual information provided."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions occurring. First, a person is seen walking into a building, possibly a church, and entering a room. Second, a person is sitting in a chair, possibly in the same room. Third, a person is seen walking out of the room and into the hallway. Lastly, the camera pans across the hallway, capturing the interior of the building. These events provide a glimpse into the activities taking place within the building, but the specific context or purpose of these actions are not clear from the video alone."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting in a field and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer. The person is holding a cell phone and pointing it at the assistant. The assistant is displaying a screen on the cell phone, possibly showing information or responding to the person's input. The timeline of events includes the person sitting in the field, pointing the cell phone at the assistant, and the assistant displaying the screen on the cell phone."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is seen jumping into a body of water, likely a lake or a river, from a rocky cliff or a bridge. The timeline of events includes the following:"

1. The group of people is standing on the edge of the cliff or bridge, preparing to jump into the water.
2. They jump into the water, creating a splash and enjoying the excitement of the moment.
3. After jumping, they swim and play in the water, taking advantage of the refreshing environment.

"The video captures the thrill and excitement of the group as they engage in this adventurous activity, creating a memorable experience for everyone involved."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting on a cement floor, holding a cell phone. They are engaged in a video call with a large vision-language assistant, which is likely a chatbot. The person is asking the chatbot a question, and the chatbot is providing an answer. The timeline of events includes the person sitting on the floor, initiating the video call, asking the question, and receiving the answer from the chatbot."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen riding a water slide and sliding down it. The timeline of events includes the person getting on the slide, starting to slide down, and eventually reaching the bottom of the slide. The entire process takes place in a water park, with the water slide being a part of the park's attractions."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen walking on a beach, holding a cell phone. They are looking at the screen of the phone and possibly taking a picture. The person then turns to the camera and speaks, possibly giving instructions or sharing information. The beach scene has a rocky appearance, with the person walking on the rocks. The timeline of events in the video includes the person walking on the beach, holding the cell phone, looking at the screen, and possibly taking a picture. The person then turns to the camera and speaks, which could be related to their interaction with the phone or sharing information about the beach environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen walking on a beach, and a plane is flying overhead. The person is also talking on a cell phone. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video can be summarized as follows:"

1. The person starts walking on the beach.
2. The person starts talking on their cell phone.
3. A plane is flying overhead.
4. The person continues walking on the beach while talking on their cell phone.

"These events are captured in a single continuous shot, providing a snapshot of the beach scene and the person's activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is riding a motorcycle down a street, and the motorcycle is equipped with a sidecar. The rider is wearing a helmet and appears to be enjoying the ride. The video also shows a person walking on the sidewalk, and the motorcycle is moving at a moderate speed. The timeline of events includes the rider starting the motorcycle, the sidecar being attached, and the motorcycle moving down the street. The rider is also seen turning the motorcycle, which suggests that they are navigating through the city streets."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is standing on a track, preparing to run. They are lined up, and a man is standing in front of them, possibly a coach or an official. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes the following:"

1. The group of people is standing on the track, waiting for the signal to start running.
2. The man standing in front of them is likely giving instructions or guidance.
3. The group of people is lined up, indicating their readiness to start running.
4. The man is observing the group, possibly assessing their performance or ensuring they are following the rules.

5. The group of people is waiting for the signal to start running, and the man is likely giving the signal or preparing to give it.


"These events are captured in a series of still images, which show the progression of the scene and the participants' actions."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is sailing a sailboat on a large body of water, such as a lake or ocean. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The man is seen standing on the sailboat, holding the sail and steering the boat.
2. The sailboat is moving across the water, with the man actively controlling its direction.
3. The sailboat is sailing at a fast pace, indicating that the wind conditions are favorable for sailing.
4. The man is enjoying the experience of sailing, as he is smiling while holding the sail.

"These events capture the essence of the man's sailing experience, showcasing his skill in handling the sailboat and the excitement of navigating the water under favorable wind conditions."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is standing in front of a chalkboard, holding a piece of paper. He is talking to the camera, explaining a math problem on the chalkboard. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes the man standing in front of the chalkboard, holding a piece of paper, and talking to the camera. He is also pointing at the math problem on the chalkboard, which is likely the focus of his explanation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting at a wooden table and holding a piece of paper. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The person picks up the paper and starts to write on it.
2. They continue to write on the paper, possibly filling it out or taking notes.
3. The person then folds the paper in half, possibly to organize their thoughts or to create a more manageable size for carrying or storing.
4. The person then places the folded paper on the table.

"These actions demonstrate the person's engagement with the paper, which could be for various purposes such as note-taking, planning, or organizing their thoughts."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is talking on a phone while standing in a room. He is wearing a funny hat and a shirt. The man is also holding a cell phone to his ear and appears to be engaged in a conversation. The scene takes place in a room with a desk and a chair, suggesting that the man might be at home or in a casual setting. The timeline of events includes the man picking up the phone, engaging in a conversation, and holding the phone to his ear while standing in the room."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is riding a horse in a field. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The person is seen riding the horse in the field, possibly engaging in a conversation with the horse.
2. The horse is galloping across the field, with the rider maintaining their balance and control.
3. The rider and the horse continue to move across the field, with the rider still maintaining control and balance.
4. The horse eventually stops, and the rider dismounts from the horse.
5. The rider and the horse continue to walk around the field, with the rider still in control of the horse.

"These events demonstrate the rider's ability to communicate with the horse, maintain balance and control, and navigate the field while riding the horse."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is sitting on a bed and playing a guitar. He is holding the guitar and playing it, possibly singing along. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes the man sitting on the bed, holding the guitar, and playing it. It is not possible to determine the exact time or duration of these events, but they are captured in the video as the man engages with the guitar."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen lying in bed, and the camera is focused on the bed. The person is not visible in the frame, but the bed is the main focus. There are no other significant actions or events occurring in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is preparing a meal in a kitchen, specifically making a salad. He is using a bowl and a spoon to mix the ingredients. The timeline of events includes the man opening a can of beans, pouring the contents into the bowl, and then mixing the ingredients together. The process is captured in a series of close-up shots, showcasing the man's actions and the ingredients being used. The video also features a clock, which indicates the time it takes to prepare the salad."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a dog is laying on the floor, possibly in a kitchen. The dog appears to be pregnant, as it has a large belly. The dog is rolling around on the floor, possibly in response to the discomfort of its pregnancy. The timeline of events in the video includes the dog laying down, rolling around, and possibly moving around in the kitchen area."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a white cat is sitting on a bed and looking at a wall. The cat appears to be staring at a light or a reflection on the wall, which is a focal point of the scene. The cat's gaze is directed towards the light, and it seems to be intrigued or curious about it. This moment captures the cat's attention and interest in the light or the reflection, creating a captivating and engaging visual for the viewer."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is walking through a grassy field while holding a camera. He is also wearing a backpack. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video can be summarized as follows:"

1. The man starts walking through the grassy field with a camera in hand.
2. He stops and turns around to face the camera, possibly to ensure that the camera is properly positioned or to check the view.
3. He continues walking through the field, with the camera still in his hand.
4. He stops again, possibly to take a photograph or to check the camera settings.
5. He walks further into the field, still carrying the camera.
"6. The video ends with the man walking through the grassy field with the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a group of men dressed in uniforms and playing musical instruments, such as trumpets and drums, are marching through a grassy field. They are likely part of a band or a military unit. The timeline of events includes the following:"

1. The group of men in uniforms and instruments are marching through the grassy field, possibly performing a routine or participating in a parade.
2. They are in formation, maintaining their positions and coordinating their movements as they march.
3. The group is playing their instruments, adding to the overall atmosphere and presentation of the event.
"4. The men are likely part of a larger organization, such as a military unit or a band, and their performance is likely a part of a larger event or celebration."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The timeline of salient events in the video shows a man driving a car down a road, with a person walking in front of the car. The car is driving down a street, and the person walking in front of the car appears to be walking towards the camera. The car is also seen driving past a tree, and there is a person standing next to the tree. The video captures various moments of the car driving down the road and the person walking in front of it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is pouring a red liquid, possibly sauce, into a pot on the stove. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The person starts pouring the red liquid into the pot.
2. The person continues pouring the liquid into the pot, ensuring that it is evenly distributed.
3. The person then places the lid on the pot, sealing it to prevent spills and maintain the temperature of the liquid.
4. The person then turns on the stove, allowing the liquid to heat up and cook.
5. The person continues to monitor the cooking process, ensuring that the liquid reaches the desired temperature and consistency.


"These actions demonstrate the person's attention to detail and care in preparing the red liquid, which could be a sauce for cooking or serving."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a woman is sitting in front of a window, wearing a red shirt and glasses. She is talking to someone, possibly a man, who is not visible in the frame. The woman is holding a cell phone, and she is also holding a remote control. The timeline of events in the video includes the woman talking on her cell phone, holding the remote control, and possibly engaging in a conversation with someone else. The exact context of the events is not clear, but it appears that the woman is multitasking and using her phone while being in a room with a window."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen in a boat, holding a fishing rod and reeling in a fish. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The person is in the boat, holding the fishing rod and reeling in a fish.
2. The person is seen reeling in the fish, which is captured on the fishing rod.
3. The person is seen with the fish in the boat, possibly preparing to release it or continue fishing.

"These events are captured in a continuous sequence, showcasing the fishing activity and the person's involvement in the process."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is riding horses in a field. They are wearing cowboy hats and holding reins, which suggests that they are participating in a horseback riding activity. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The group of people is seen riding horses in the field, enjoying their time together.
2. They are wearing cowboy hats, which indicates that they are participating in a western-themed activity or event.
3. The riders are holding reins, which suggests that they are in control of their horses and are actively engaged in the activity.
4. The riders are likely taking turns or rotating through the activity, as they are seen riding in a group.

"5. The video captures a moment of enjoyment and camaraderie among the group of people as they share the experience of horseback riding together."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of men working together in a bakery, with one man cutting dough and another man putting the dough into a machine. The timeline of events includes the following:"

1. The man cutting the dough is seen using a knife to cut the dough into pieces.
2. The man putting the dough into the machine is seen placing the dough into the machine, which is likely a doughnut-making machine.
3. The machine is then seen processing the dough, creating doughnuts.
4. The doughnuts are then removed from the machine and placed on a table.

"These events occur in a continuous sequence, with the men working together to create doughnuts in the bakery."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The timeline of salient events in the video includes a man walking down a street, a woman talking on a cell phone, and a man standing next to a building. The man walking down the street is likely the main subject of the video, while the woman talking on her cell phone and the man standing next to the building are secondary characters. The video captures a moment in time where the man is walking past the woman on her phone, and the man standing next to the building is also present in the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is seen standing on a field, holding a sports ball. He is also holding a cell phone in his other hand. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video can be described as follows:"

1. The man is standing on a field, holding a sports ball.
2. He is also holding a cell phone in his other hand.
3. The man is looking at the cell phone while standing on the field.
4. The man is looking at the cell phone while standing on the field with the sports ball.
5. The man is standing on the field with the sports ball and the cell phone.

"These events suggest that the man might be using the cell phone for communication, navigation, or to capture a photo or video of his surroundings or the sports ball."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a woman is sitting in front of a camera and talking to someone. She is also holding a cell phone in her hand. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The woman sitting in front of the camera and talking to someone.
2. The woman holding a cell phone in her hand.
3. The woman looking at the camera and possibly engaging in a conversation with the person on the other end of the call.

"These events suggest that the woman is either participating in a video call or using her cell phone for some other purpose, such as texting or browsing the internet."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is engaged in a dance routine in a studio. They are wearing matching outfits and are likely practicing a choreographed dance. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The group of people is standing in a line, preparing to start the dance routine.
2. They begin to move and perform the dance, with some individuals stepping forward and others stepping back.
3. The group continues to dance and perform the routine, with some individuals taking the lead and others following.
4. The dance routine comes to an end, and the group of people is seen standing in a line, possibly discussing or taking a break.

"These events capture the essence of the dance practice, showcasing the group's coordination, teamwork, and skill in performing the choreographed routine."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is riding a horse in a ring, and a large vision-language assistant, such as Video-ChatGPT, is present. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The man is riding the horse in the ring, and the large vision-language assistant is watching the scene.
2. The man dismounts the horse and walks towards the large vision-language assistant.
3. The man and the large vision-language assistant engage in a conversation, likely discussing the riding experience or other related topics.
4. The man and the large vision-language assistant continue their conversation, with the man possibly asking for assistance or advice on horse riding.
5. The large vision-language assistant responds to the man's questions or provides guidance, helping him to improve his horse riding skills or share his experience with others.

"The video captures a moment where the man is seeking assistance or advice from the large vision-language assistant, which demonstrates the potential applications of such large language models in real-world situations."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The timeline of events in the video shows a group of people dressed in white, performing a choreographed dance in a city street. They are lined up in a row, and the video captures various moments of the dance, including the group of people walking down the street, performing a coordinated dance, and possibly interacting with the audience. The video also shows the group of people walking in a line, which indicates that they are likely part of a larger performance or event."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is seen standing in a gym, holding a barbell and a dumbbell. He is in the process of lifting the barbell, which is a significant action occurring in the scene. The man is also standing on a platform, possibly a weight bench, which is used for various exercises and strength training. The presence of the barbell and dumbbell suggests that he is engaging in a weightlifting or strength training session. The timeline of events in the video could include the man preparing to lift the barbell, lifting the barbell, and possibly resting or taking a break after the lift."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a woman is seen standing in a living room, holding a white Frisbee. She is wearing a pink shirt and a black skirt. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes the woman standing in the living room, holding the Frisbee, and possibly preparing to play or engage in a game with it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a man is sitting in a boat on a lake, and he is talking to someone. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The man sitting in the boat, possibly engaged in conversation with someone off-camera.
2. The boat is moving on the lake, suggesting that the man is either rowing or the boat is being propelled by a motor.
3. The man is talking to someone, possibly discussing the lake, the weather, or sharing a story.

"These events provide a snapshot of the man's experience on the lake, capturing the essence of his time spent in the boat and his interaction with the person he is talking to."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a woman is standing in a grassy field, holding a hula hoop. She is wearing a green shirt and shorts. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes the following:"

1. The woman starts by holding the hula hoop in her hands, possibly preparing to play with it.
2. She then moves into the grassy field, where she stands and continues to hold the hula hoop.
3. The woman appears to be enjoying herself, as she is smiling and standing in the field.
"4. The video ends with her still holding the hula hoop in the grassy field."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man in a wrestling ring, engaged in a match with another man. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The two men are in the ring, and the referee is present, observing the match.
2. The wrestler is trying to take down his opponent, possibly by grappling or using a submission hold.
3. The wrestler is in a defensive position, possibly trying to avoid being pinned or held down by his opponent.
4. The match continues, with both wrestlers exchanging blows and trying to gain an advantage over each other.

"These events are captured in a series of close-up shots, providing a detailed view of the wrestling match and the athletes' actions."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The person is holding a cell phone and showing the screen to the assistant. The assistant is listening to the person's instructions and responding to them. The timeline of salient events in the video includes the person initiating the conversation with the assistant, showing the screen with the content, and the assistant providing a response."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen cutting a cake with a knife. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video can be described as follows:"

1. The person is holding the knife and cutting the cake.
2. The cake is placed on a table, and the person is cutting it.
3. The person is cutting the cake into pieces.
4. The person is cutting the cake with the knife.
5. The person is cutting the cake, and the knife is in motion.

"These events show the process of cutting the cake, which is a common action in celebrations and gatherings."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is walking down a street with a dog on a leash. The dog is pulling the person along, and the person is trying to control the dog's movements. The person is also talking to the dog, possibly giving commands or engaging in a conversation. The dog appears to be excited and energetic, as it is pulling the person along the street. This scene captures a moment of interaction between the person and the dog, showcasing the bond and communication between them."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a woman is seen walking across a room, possibly in a dance studio, and holding a punching bag. She is also wearing a yellow shirt and a black skirt. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes her walking across the room, holding the punching bag, and possibly engaging in some form of exercise or training. The exact context of the scene and the purpose of the punching bag are not explicitly clear from the video, but it could be part of a workout routine, a martial arts practice, or a dance routine."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The timeline of events in the video shows a man looking at the camera and talking. He is sitting in front of a camera, and the video is likely a live stream or a recorded video. The man is engaged in a conversation, possibly with someone off-camera, and he is also looking at the camera. The exact content of the conversation cannot be determined from the image alone, but it appears to be a casual and informal interaction."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The timeline of salient events in the video shows a man sitting in a chair, talking on a video call, and looking at a camera. The man is wearing a suit and tie, which suggests that he might be in a professional setting. He is engaged in a conversation with someone on the video call, possibly discussing work-related matters or personal topics. The video call takes place in a room with a white wall, which further emphasizes the professional setting. The man's attire and the context of the video call indicate that he is likely attending a business meeting, conference call, or engaging in a professional discussion."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a group of people is playing a game, with one person holding a yellow block and another person trying to take it from them. The game appears to involve physical interaction and competition, as the players are actively engaged in the activity. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes the following:"

1. The person holding the yellow block is actively trying to prevent the other person from taking it, while the other person is attempting to grab the block.
2. The players are actively participating in the game, with one person holding the block and the other trying to take it.
3. The game appears to be competitive, as the players are actively trying to outperform each other.
"4. The players are engaged in the game, with the person holding the yellow block trying to maintain possession while the other person tries to take it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is cutting a large piece of food, specifically a chicken, using a knife. The person is cutting the chicken into smaller pieces, and the chicken appears to be cooked. The timeline of events includes the person holding the knife and cutting the chicken, followed by the chicken being cut into smaller pieces. The process is likely taking place in a kitchen setting, as the person is using a knife to prepare the food."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a woman is sitting on a bed and talking to someone on a video call. She is wearing a white shirt and a black bra. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The woman sitting on the bed and engaging in a video call with someone.
2. The woman wearing a white shirt and a black bra while talking on the video call.
3. The woman sitting on the bed and talking to someone on the video call.

"These events provide a snapshot of the interaction between the woman and the person on the other end of the video call."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The timeline of salient events in the video shows a person sitting in a room, talking to a large vision-language assistant, and the assistant responding to the user's questions. The conversation between the person and the assistant seems to be focused on a task or a specific topic. The user is asking the assistant for assistance, and the assistant is providing information or guidance in response to the user's inquiries. The video captures the interaction between the person and the large vision-language assistant, highlighting the capabilities of such assistants in helping users with various tasks and enhancing their overall experience."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a kitchen knife to cut a piece of food, possibly a vegetable. The timeline of events includes the following:"

1. The person is holding the knife and cutting the food.
2. The person is using the knife to cut the food, possibly a vegetable.
3. The person is cutting the food with the knife.
4. The person is holding the knife and cutting the food.
5. The person is using the knife to cut the food.

"These actions suggest that the person is engaged in a cooking or food preparation task, possibly chopping or slicing the food item to be consumed or used in a recipe."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is sitting at a table and using a cell phone. They are also holding a cup, which suggests that they might be having a beverage. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The person sitting at the table with a cell phone.
2. The person holding a cup, possibly drinking from it.
3. The person using the cell phone, possibly texting, browsing the internet, or engaging in a phone call.

"These events are intertwined, as the person is likely using the cell phone while holding the cup, possibly multitasking between their phone and beverage."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, there are several salient events or actions occurring. First, a person is seen sitting at a table with a cup, which suggests that they might be having a drink or a meal. Second, a hand is seen reaching for a cup, possibly to grab it or to place it on the table. Finally, a person is talking on a cell phone, which indicates that they are engaged in a conversation or discussing something with the person on the other end of the call. These events take place in a kitchen setting, suggesting that the person might be in the process of preparing a meal or having a casual conversation while enjoying a beverage."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen washing their hands in a sink. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The person starts washing their hands in the sink.
2. The person continues washing their hands, likely using soap and water to clean their hands thoroughly.
3. The person finishes washing their hands and dries them with a towel.
4. The person may also use a hand dryer to dry their hands, which is not visible in the video.

"These actions are typical for maintaining personal hygiene and preventing the spread of germs and infections."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen opening a cabinet and taking out a spoon. The timeline of events can be described as follows:"

1. The person starts by opening the cabinet door.
2. They then take out a spoon from the cabinet.
3. The person closes the cabinet door after retrieving the spoon.

"These actions occur in a relatively short sequence, with the person quickly accessing the spoon from the cabinet."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The timeline of salient events in the video shows a person opening a refrigerator and taking out a bottle. The person then pours a drink into a glass, which is placed on a counter. After pouring the drink, the person closes the refrigerator and places the bottle back inside. These actions occur in a kitchen setting, with the refrigerator and counter being the main focal points of the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is preparing food in a kitchen. They are using a knife to chop up ingredients on a cutting board. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The person starts by placing the ingredients on the cutting board.
2. They use the knife to chop the ingredients, which could involve cutting vegetables or other food items.
3. The person continues to chop the ingredients, possibly adding more ingredients or adjusting the size of the cuts.
4. The person may also be using the knife to cut the ingredients into smaller pieces or to mix them together.
5. The person may be placing the chopped ingredients into a bowl or another container for further processing or storage.

"These actions demonstrate the person's cooking skills and their ability to prepare food using a knife and other kitchen tools."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is preparing a meal in a kitchen, using a spoon to stir the contents of a pot. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The person enters the kitchen and begins preparing the meal.
2. The person uses a spoon to stir the contents of the pot.
3. The person continues to cook the meal, stirring the contents occasionally.
4. The person is seen in the kitchen, actively engaged in the cooking process.
"5. The person is likely to complete the meal preparation and enjoy the dish once it is ready."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a dishwasher to wash dishes. The timeline of events includes the following:"

1. The person starts by placing the dishes inside the dishwasher.
2. The dishwasher door is closed, and the dishes are placed inside the machine.
3. The dishwasher starts its washing cycle, and the person leaves the room.
4. The dishwasher finishes its washing cycle, and the person returns to the room.
5. The person opens the dishwasher door, and the clean dishes are removed from the machine.

"These events occur in a continuous sequence, with the person actively participating in the process of washing the dishes using the dishwasher."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a computer and a keyboard to type. They are also using a mouse to navigate and interact with the computer. The person appears to be working on a task, possibly related to a computer program or document. The timeline of salient events in the video includes the person typing on the keyboard, using the mouse to navigate, and possibly working on a task or project. The exact nature of the task or project cannot be determined from the video alone."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is using a microwave to heat up a bowl of food. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video can be summarized as follows:"

1. The person opens the microwave door and places the bowl of food inside.
2. The person closes the microwave door and starts the cooking process.
3. The person checks the food's progress and possibly adjusts the cooking time or temperature if needed.
4. Once the food is fully cooked, the person opens the microwave door and removes the bowl of food.
5. The person may then transfer the food to a plate or container for serving.

"Throughout the process, the person is attentive to the cooking process to ensure that the food is cooked evenly and safely."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen opening a refrigerator and taking out a bottle. They then proceed to pour the contents of the bottle into a glass. After pouring, the person drinks from the glass. The entire process takes place in a kitchen setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The timeline of salient events in the video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen, with various utensils and appliances being used. The person is cutting food with a knife and placing it on a cutting board. They are also using a spoon to scoop food from a bowl. The kitchen has a sink, a microwave, and a cupboard. The person is actively engaged in the process of preparing food, which may involve chopping, scooping, and placing the food on a plate or in a bowl. The overall scene depicts a typical kitchen setting where someone is cooking or preparing a meal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is preparing food on a countertop, using a knife and a cutting board. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The person starts by placing the cutting board on the countertop.
2. They then use the knife to cut ingredients, such as vegetables or meat, on the cutting board.
3. The person continues to cut and prepare the food, possibly adding other ingredients or seasonings.
4. As the food preparation progresses, the person may use the knife to chop or slice the ingredients.
5. Once the food is prepared, the person may transfer it to a bowl, plate, or other container for serving.

"The video does not provide any additional context or information about the specific dish being prepared or the cooking method being used."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is preparing food on a stove. They are using a knife to chop up some ingredients, which include onions and other vegetables. The person is also using a spoon to stir the food on the stove. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes the following:"

1. The person starts by chopping up onions and other vegetables on the stove.
2. They use a knife to chop the ingredients.
3. They use a spoon to stir the food on the stove.
4. The person continues to cook the food on the stove, likely following a recipe or preparing a meal.

"These actions demonstrate the process of cooking and preparing food, which is a common activity in many households and kitchens."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is preparing a meal using a microwave. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video includes:"

1. The person opens the microwave and takes out a container.
2. The person places the container into the microwave.
3. The person closes the microwave door and starts the cooking process.
4. The person checks on the progress of the meal, possibly using a timer or observing the food.
5. The person removes the container from the microwave and transfers the food to a plate.
6. The person serves the meal onto the plate.

"These actions demonstrate the person's preparation and cooking process using a microwave, which is a common kitchen appliance for heating and cooking food quickly."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen opening a refrigerator and placing a bottle inside. They then close the refrigerator door and walk away. The timeline of events can be summarized as follows:"

1. The person opens the refrigerator and places a bottle inside.
2. The refrigerator door is closed, and the person walks away.

"These actions suggest that the person is likely preparing a meal or snack that requires the use of the bottle. The refrigerator is a common kitchen appliance used for storing food and beverages at appropriate temperatures to maintain their freshness and quality."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen opening a microwave and placing a plate inside. The microwave is then turned on, and the person is waiting for the food to be heated. After the food is heated, the person removes the plate from the microwave and places it on a counter. The entire process takes approximately 2 minutes and 15 seconds."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen opening a drawer in a kitchen, possibly to search for a specific item or to organize the contents of the drawer. The timeline of events includes the following:"

1. The person starts by opening the drawer, revealing its contents.
2. They then close the drawer, possibly after finding what they were looking for or deciding to organize the items.
3. The person then opens the drawer again, possibly to retrieve a specific item or to continue organizing the contents.
"4. The person closes the drawer once more, concluding the process of opening and closing the drawer."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""In the video, a person is seen opening a refrigerator and taking out a container. They then place the container on a counter. The person is likely preparing a meal or snack using the container. The exact timeline of events cannot be determined with certainty, but it is clear that the person is in the process of accessing and using the refrigerator and the container."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a sandwich.
2. A hand is then shown holding the sandwich.
3. The sandwich is placed on a table.
4. The camera then zooms out to show the table with the sandwich on it.
5. The camera then zooms in on the sandwich.
6. The sandwich is then cut in half.
7. The camera zooms out to show the table with the sandwich on it.
"8. The video ends with the sandwich on the table."",1,1,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a busy street with people walking around, cars driving, and various activities taking place. There is a man walking with a handbag, and another person is seen walking with a handbag as well. The street appears to be crowded, with people engaging in different activities. The presence of handbags suggests that the individuals might be carrying personal belongings or shopping items. Overall, the scene depicts a typical urban environment with people going about their daily routines."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person holding a sandwich and a cup, possibly in a restaurant or a similar setting. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the person's location, the time of day, and the presence of the food items. The person is standing in a room, possibly in a restaurant, and they are holding a sandwich and a cup. The time of day is not explicitly stated, but it can be inferred that it is during the daytime, as the lighting and surroundings suggest a typical daytime setting. The presence of the sandwich and cup indicates that the person is likely enjoying a meal or a snack."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. The video begins with a man sitting in a chair, and he is talking to someone off-camera.
2. The man is then seen sitting on a chair in a room, with a laptop on his lap.
3. The man is seen typing on the laptop, and he is also talking to someone off-camera.
4. The man is seen sitting in a chair with a laptop on his lap, and he is talking to someone off-camera.
5. The man is seen sitting in a chair with a laptop on his lap, and he is talking to someone off-camera.
6. The man is seen sitting in a chair with a laptop on his lap, and he is talking to someone off-camera.
7. The man is seen sitting in a chair with a laptop on his lap, and he is talking to someone off-camera.
8. The man is seen sitting in a chair with a laptop on his lap, and he is talking to someone off-camera.
9. The man is seen sitting in a chair with a laptop on his lap, and he is talking to someone off-camera.
10. The man is seen sitting in a chair with a laptop on his lap, and he is talking to someone off-camera.

"These events show the man engaging in various activities, such as typing on the laptop, talking to someone off-camera, and sitting in a chair. The video captures the man's interactions and actions throughout the duration of the video."",1,1,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man sitting in a room, possibly a living room, and engaging in various activities. He is holding a remote control, which suggests that he might be watching television or using a gaming console. Additionally, there is a bottle in the room, which could be a beverage bottle or a cleaning product. The man is also talking on a cell phone, which indicates that he might be communicating with someone or discussing something. Overall, the scene depicts a casual and relaxed atmosphere in the room, with the man engaging in various activities and possibly multitasking between different devices."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""In the video, a man is sitting in a room, and he is talking to someone on a video call. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the man sitting in a room, the presence of a chair, and the interaction between the man and the person on the video call. The conversation is taking place in the present, as the man is engaged in a real-time conversation with the other person."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person sitting on the ground, holding a cell phone in their hand. They are looking at the camera and appear to be engaged in a conversation. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The person is sitting on the ground, holding a cell phone in their hand.
2. They look at the camera, possibly engaging in a conversation.
"3. The video ends with the person still sitting on the ground and holding the cell phone."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person in a location where they are sitting on a bench, possibly in a park. The bench is located in front of a building, and there are cars parked nearby. The person is engaged in a conversation with someone else, possibly a friend or a passerby. They are also seen holding a cell phone, which they may be using to communicate or capture the moment. The scene captures a casual and relaxed atmosphere, with people enjoying their time outdoors and engaging in conversations with others."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['park']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person walking on a sidewalk, with the camera following them. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the sidewalk, the person's movement, and the camera's position. The event or action captured in the video is the person walking down the sidewalk, which is a common occurrence in urban environments. The camera's position, following the person, adds a sense of movement and progression to the scene, providing a visual representation of the person's journey along the sidewalk."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a person standing in front of a building, possibly a brick building.
2. The person is holding a cell phone, which they are using to record a video.
3. The person starts talking into the cell phone, and the video shows their face as they speak.
4. The person continues talking into the cell phone, and the video captures their facial expressions and body language.
5. The person ends their conversation, and the video ends.

"The timeline highlights the main actions and events that occur in the video, which include the person holding a cell phone, talking into it, and possibly engaging in a conversation with someone else."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a location with a brick building. They are engaged in various activities, such as walking around, sitting on benches, and standing in the area. Some individuals are also talking to each other, which suggests a sense of community and social interaction among the group. The brick building in the background adds to the urban setting of the scene, indicating that this location might be a public space or a place of interest for the people in the area. Overall, the video captures a snapshot of everyday life in the location, with people enjoying their time and interacting with one another."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person sitting on a bench in a park, holding a cell phone. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the park and the bench, where the person is sitting. The event or action taking place is the person using the cell phone, possibly for communication, browsing the internet, or engaging in other activities. The exact purpose of the person using the cell phone cannot be determined from the video alone, but it is evident that the person is using the phone while sitting on the bench in the park."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,3,['park']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1:00-1:05: A person is seen sitting in a chair, possibly in a living room.
1:05-1:10: The person is seen talking on a cell phone.
1:10-1:15: The person is seen looking at a laptop.
1:15-1:20: The person is seen sitting in the chair, possibly with a cup in their hand.
1:20-1:25: The person is seen talking on a cell phone.
1:25-1:30: The person is seen sitting in the chair, possibly with a cup in their hand.
1:30-1:35: The person is seen talking on a cell phone.
1:35-1:40: The person is seen sitting in the chair, possibly with a cup in their hand.
1:40-1:45: The person is seen talking on a cell phone.
1:45-1:50: The person is seen sitting in the chair, possibly with a cup in their hand.
1:50-1:55: The person is seen talking on a cell phone.

"These events represent the various activities the person is engaged in while sitting in the chair, such as talking on a cell phone, looking at a laptop, and holding a cup."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a woman is sitting in a room with a white wall, and she is talking on a phone. At the same time, a cat is also present in the room, sitting on a counter. The woman is engaged in a phone conversation, and the cat is observing her or possibly waiting for attention. The scene takes place in a living room, where the woman is comfortable and interacting with her pet."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with a woman sitting at a table and a counter nearby. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the woman sitting at the table, which is located in the kitchen, and the time elapsed between the start and end of the video. The woman is engaged in various activities, such as eating, drinking, and using her cell phone. The video captures a moment in time where the woman is enjoying her meal and possibly multitasking with her phone."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a group of people standing in a street, with some of them holding cell phones.
2. A man is seen walking down the street, and a woman is talking on her cell phone.
3. The man is walking towards the camera, and the woman is still talking on her phone.
4. The man is seen walking away from the camera, and the woman is still talking on her phone.
5. The video ends with the man walking away from the camera.

"These events capture the essence of the video, which appears to be a casual, everyday scenario of people going about their daily lives, with some engaging in conversations on their cell phones."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a crowded area, likely a city street or a public space. They are engaged in various activities, such as walking, talking, and interacting with each other. Some individuals are also using their cell phones, which suggests that they might be communicating with friends, checking social media, or using navigation apps. The scene depicts a typical urban environment where people come together to socialize, work, or simply pass the time. The presence of multiple people and their diverse activities highlights the vibrant and dynamic nature of city life."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people standing in a parking lot, with some of them walking around. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the parking lot and the time when the group is gathered. The people are likely engaged in various activities, such as socializing, waiting for transportation, or attending an event. The presence of multiple people and vehicles in the parking lot suggests that it could be a busy area, and the group might be part of a larger gathering or event."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's face.
2. The person is seen talking on a cell phone.
3. The person is seen walking down the street.
4. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
5. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
6. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
7. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
8. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
9. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
10. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
11. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
12. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
13. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
14. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
15. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
16. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
17. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
18. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
19. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
20. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
21. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
22. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
23. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
24. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
25. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
26. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
27. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
28. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
29. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
30. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
31. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
32. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
33. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
34. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
35. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
36. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
37. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
38. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
39. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
40. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
41. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
42. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
43. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
44. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
45. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
46. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
47. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
48. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
49. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
50. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
51. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
52. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
53. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone.
"54. The person is seen walking down the street and talking on the cell phone"",1,1,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a location, possibly a street or a parking lot. They are standing around and interacting with each other. One person is talking on a cell phone, while another person is walking away. The overall atmosphere appears to be casual and social, with people engaging in conversations and activities. The presence of multiple individuals suggests that this gathering could be a casual meetup or a chance encounter among friends or acquaintances."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person sitting on a couch in a living room, with a laptop in front of them. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the living room and the time period when the person is sitting on the couch and using the laptop. The person is likely engaged in various activities, such as browsing the internet, watching videos, or working on a project, while being in a comfortable and familiar environment."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The man starts talking to the computer program, which is a large vision-language assistant.
2. The large vision-language assistant responds to the man's input, providing a response in natural language.
3. The man continues to interact with the computer program, asking it questions or providing more information.
4. The large vision-language assistant continues to respond to the man's input, providing relevant information or assistance.

"These events demonstrate the capabilities of the large vision-language assistant in understanding and responding to the man's input, showcasing its ability to engage in a conversation and provide assistance in a natural language format."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a busy street filled with people walking and standing around. There are various events occurring in the location, such as a man walking down the street, a group of people standing together, and a woman walking down the street. The street appears to be crowded, and the people seem to be engaged in their daily activities or conversations. The presence of multiple individuals and activities in the area suggests that it is a bustling urban environment."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a public area, possibly a park or a street. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include a time period of approximately 10 minutes, starting at 1:30 PM and ending at 2:20 PM. During this time, the group of people is engaged in various activities, such as walking, talking, and interacting with each other. The video also captures a moment where a person is using a cell phone, which could be related to communication or capturing memories of the event. Overall, the video provides a snapshot of a social gathering in a public space during a specific time period."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['park']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a person's hand holding a cell phone.
2. The person is using the cell phone to take a picture or record a video.
3. The person is then seen looking at the camera, possibly engaging in a conversation or providing instructions.
4. The person is seen holding the cell phone again, possibly showing the content they captured or discussing the content with someone else.
"5. The video ends with the person holding the cell phone."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man sitting in a car, possibly in a parking lot, and talking on a cell phone. He is engaged in a conversation, possibly discussing something with a friend or a colleague. The car appears to be parked in a parking space, and the man is sitting inside the vehicle while he talks on the phone. This scene represents a common scenario where people use their cars as a convenient and private space to communicate with others, especially when they are on the go or running errands."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man sitting in a car, likely in a parking lot, and using a cell phone. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the car and the parking lot, with the man engaging in a phone conversation. The event or action taking place is the man using his cell phone while sitting in the car."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a person's face, and then the person is seen walking down a path.
2. The person is walking down the path, and they are also seen walking through a forest.
3. The person is walking down the path, and they are also seen walking through a wooded area.
4. The person is walking down the path, and they are also seen walking through a wooded area with trees.
5. The person is walking down the path, and they are also seen walking through a wooded area with trees.

"These events occur in a continuous sequence, with the person walking down the path and through the wooded areas throughout the video."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is seen walking down a path in a forest, surrounded by trees. The person is also carrying a backpack. This event is taking place in a natural setting, which is a forest. The person is likely exploring the area, enjoying the outdoors, and possibly engaging in outdoor activities such as hiking or nature walks. The presence of the backpack suggests that the person might be carrying essential items for their journey or for spending time in the forest."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video primarily takes place in a forest, with a person walking through the woods. The spatio-temporal contexts highlighted in the video include the forest, the path the person is walking on, and the time it takes to walk through the forest. The person is walking through the woods, possibly exploring or enjoying the natural surroundings. The video does not provide any specific events or actions, but it captures the essence of the person's experience in the forest."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts at 0:00, with a person standing in front of a building.
2. At 0:05, the person starts talking to the camera.
3. At 0:15, the person is seen walking away from the camera.
4. At 0:20, the person is seen walking towards the camera.
5. At 0:25, the person is seen walking away from the camera again.
6. At 0:30, the person is seen walking towards the camera for the third time.
7. At 0:35, the person is seen walking away from the camera for the third time.
8. At 0:40, the person is seen walking towards the camera for the fourth time.
9. At 0:45, the person is seen walking away from the camera for the fourth time.
10. At 0:50, the person is seen walking towards the camera for the fifth time.
11. At 0:55, the person is seen walking away from the camera for the fifth time.
12. At 1:00, the person is seen walking towards the camera for the sixth time.
13. At 1:05, the person is seen walking away from the camera for the sixth time.
14. At 1:10, the person is seen walking towards the camera for the seventh time.
15. At 1:15, the person is seen walking away from the camera for the seventh time.
16. At 1:20, the person is seen walking towards the camera for the eighth time.
17. At 1:25, the person is seen walking away from the camera for the eighth time.
18. At 1:30, the person is seen walking towards the camera for the ninth time.
19. At 1:35, the person is seen walking away from the camera for the ninth time.
20. At 1:40, the person is seen walking towards the camera for the tenth time.
21. At 1:45, the person is seen walking away from the camera for the tenth time.
22. At 1:50, the person is seen walking towards the camera for the eleventh time.
23. At 1:55, the person is seen walking away from the camera for the eleventh time.
24. At 2:00, the person is seen walking towards the camera for the twelfth time.
25. At 2:05, the person is seen walking away from the camera for the twelfth time.
26. At 2:10, the person is seen walking towards the camera for the thirteenth time.
27. At 2:15, the person is seen walking away from the camera for the thirteenth time.
28. At 2:20, the person is seen walking towards the camera for the fourteenth time.
29. At 2:25, the person is seen walking away from the camera for the fourteenth time.
30. At 2:30, the person is seen walking towards the camera for the fifteenth time.
31. At 2:35, the person is seen walking away from the camera for the fifteenth time.
32. At 2:40, the person is seen walking towards the camera for the sixteenth time.
33. At 2:45, the person is seen walking away from the camera for the sixteenth time.
34. At 2:50, the person is seen walking towards the camera for the seventeenth time.
35. At 2:55, the person is seen walking away from the camera for the seventeenth time.
36. At 3:00, the person is seen walking towards the camera for the eighteenth time.
37. At 3:05, the person is seen walking away from the camera for the eighteenth time.
38. At 3:10, the person is seen walking towards the camera for the nineteenth time.
39. At 3:15, the person is seen walking away from the camera for the nineteenth time.
40. At 3:20, the person is seen walking towards the camera for the twentieth time.
"41. At 3:25, the person is seen walking away"",0,1,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is seen walking down a hallway, possibly in a building or a room. The person is also holding a cell phone, which suggests that they might be using it for communication or capturing a moment. Additionally, there are two bicycles parked nearby, indicating that the location might be a shared space where people use bicycles for transportation or recreation. The scene captures a moment of everyday life, where people engage in various activities, such as walking, using their cell phones, and parking their bicycles."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person in a room, possibly a living room, with a laptop. The person is engaged in a video call, and the conversation seems to be about a specific topic. The video is set in the year 2021, which indicates that the content is relatively recent. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are a room, a living room, and the year 2021. The person is using a laptop for the video call, which suggests that technology plays a significant role in their communication and interactions."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a person's hand holding a cell phone.
2. The person is seen talking on the phone, likely engaging in a conversation or performing a task.
3. The person then places the cell phone down on a table.
4. The camera zooms out to show the person sitting at the table, and the cell phone is still present on the table.
5. The person picks up the cell phone and starts using it, possibly for another conversation or to perform a task.

"These events provide a glimpse into the person's activities while using the cell phone, capturing their engagement with the device and the environment around them."",1,1,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is sitting in a car, possibly in a parking lot, and talking to someone on the phone. The person is also looking at the camera, possibly indicating that they are aware of being recorded. This scene suggests that the person is engaged in a phone conversation while being in the car, possibly discussing personal matters or attending to work-related tasks. The presence of the car and the parking lot implies that the location is likely an urban or suburban setting, where people often park their vehicles and engage in phone conversations."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['park']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person sitting in a car, possibly in a parking lot, and using a cell phone. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the car and the parking lot, with the person using the cell phone while seated in the car. The exact time of the event cannot be determined from the image, but it is evident that the person is engaged in an activity on their cell phone while in the car."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of events in the video is as follows:"

1:00-1:05: The dog is sitting on the floor.
1:06-1:10: The dog is sitting on a chair.
1:11-1:15: The dog is sitting on a table.
1:16-1:20: The dog is sitting on a chair.
1:21-1:25: The dog is sitting on the floor.
1:26-1:30: The dog is sitting on a chair.
1:31-1:35: The dog is sitting on a table.
1:36-1:40: The dog is sitting on a chair.
1:41-1:45: The dog is sitting on the floor.
1:46-1:50: The dog is sitting on a chair.
1:51-1:55: The dog is sitting on a table.
1:56-2:00: The dog is sitting on a chair.
2:01-2:05: The dog is sitting on the floor.
2:06-2:10: The dog is sitting on a chair.
2:11-2:15: The dog is sitting on a table.
2:16-2:20: The dog is sitting on a chair.
2:21-2:25: The dog is sitting on the floor.
2:26-2:30: The dog is sitting on a chair.
2:31-2:35: The dog is sitting on a table.
2:36-2:40: The dog is sitting on a chair.
2:41-2:45: The dog is sitting on the floor.
2:46-2:50: The dog is sitting on a chair.
2:51-2:55: The dog is sitting on a table.
2:56-3:00: The dog is sitting on a chair.
3:01-3:05: The dog is sitting on the floor.
3:06-3:10: The dog is sitting on a chair.
3:11-3:15: The dog is sitting on a table.
3:16-3:20: The dog is sitting on a chair.
3:21-3:25: The dog is sitting on the floor.
3:26-3:30: The dog is sitting on a chair.
3:31-3:35: The dog is sitting on a table.
3:36-3:40: The dog is sitting on a chair.
3:41-3:45: The dog is sitting on the floor.
3:46-3:50: The dog is sitting on a chair.
3:51-3:55: The dog is sitting on a table.
3:56-4:00: The dog is sitting on a chair.
4:01-4:05: The dog is sitting on the floor.
4:06-4:10: The dog is sitting on a chair.
4:11-4:15: The dog is sitting on a table.
4:16-4:20: The dog is sitting on a chair.
4:21-4:25: The dog is sitting on the floor.
4:26-4:30: The dog is sitting on a chair.
4:31-4:35: The dog is sitting on a table.
4:36-4:40: The dog is sitting on a chair.
4:41-4:45: The dog is sitting on the floor.
4:46-4:50: The dog is sitting on a chair.
4:51-4:55: The dog is sitting on a table.
4:56-5:00: The dog is sitting on a chair.
5:01-5:05: The dog is sitting on the floor.
5:06-5:10: The dog is sitting on a chair.
5:11-5:15: The dog is sitting on a table.
5:16-5:20: The dog is sitting on a chair.
5:21-5:25: The dog is sitting on the floor.
"5:2"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a dog sitting on a table in a room. The dog is wearing a collar, which indicates that it might belong to someone. The dog appears to be calm and relaxed while sitting on the table. There is also a person in the room, but the dog seems to be the main focus of the scene. This setting suggests that the dog is likely in a domestic environment, possibly in a home or a pet-friendly establishment. The dog's presence on the table might indicate that it is being allowed to sit there, or it could be a part of a playful or affectionate interaction with its owner or other people in the room."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video primarily takes place in a living room, with a dog sitting on a couch. The dog is wearing a collar and appears to be a large breed. The video is dated from 10/13/2021 at 10:00 AM, and it is a news segment featuring the dog. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the living room setting and the time of 10:00 AM on October 13th, 2021. The news segment highlights the dog's presence and possibly discusses a story related to the dog or the living room environment."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man riding a bicycle down a street. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

- The man starts riding the bicycle at 0:00.
- He rides the bicycle down the street, passing by a building at 0:05.
- At 0:10, the man rides the bicycle past a parked car.
- He continues riding the bicycle down the street, with the camera capturing the scene.
"- The video ends at 0:15, with the man still riding the bicycle."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a busy street filled with various activities, including people walking, riding bicycles, and driving cars. There are also multiple parked bicycles and cars on the side of the street. The street appears to be a popular location for people to gather, socialize, and engage in different activities. The presence of multiple parked bicycles and cars suggests that this area is a common destination for both pedestrians and motorists. The busy street scene highlights the bustling nature of urban environments and the diverse range of activities that take place within them."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person riding a bike in a city street, with a stop sign visible in the background. The bike is parked next to a building, and the person is standing next to the bike. The scene takes place on a street corner, with the bike parked on the sidewalk. The time of the video is 10:15 AM. The person is likely taking a break from riding the bike or preparing to ride it again."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:"

1. At 0:00, a person is sitting at a table with a plate of food in front of them.
2. At 0:05, the person starts to eat the food.
3. At 0:10, the person is seen cutting into the food with a knife and fork.
4. At 0:15, the person is seen taking a bite of the food.
5. At 0:20, the person is seen putting a forkful of food into their mouth.
6. At 0:25, the person is seen taking a sip of a beverage.
7. At 0:30, the person is seen continuing to eat the food.

"These events show the person enjoying their meal at the table."",0,1,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a man is seen sitting at a table in a restaurant, holding a plate with food. He is also seen talking on a cell phone. The restaurant appears to be a casual dining establishment, possibly a diner, as the man is enjoying his meal while engaging in a phone conversation. This scene captures a typical day-to-day scenario where people often combine eating and socializing with their daily activities, such as making phone calls."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person sitting at a table, holding a sandwich and a cup. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the dining area, where the person is sitting, and the time at which the video was captured. The person is eating a sandwich and drinking from a cup, which suggests that they are enjoying a meal. The exact time cannot be determined from the video, but it is clear that the person is in the process of consuming their food and beverage."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a tree, focusing on its bark.
2. The camera then pans to the left, showing a close-up of a tree trunk.
3. The camera then zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
4. The camera then pans to the right, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
5. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
6. The camera then pans to the left, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
7. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
8. The camera then pans to the right, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
9. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
10. The camera then pans to the left, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
11. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
12. The camera then pans to the right, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
13. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
14. The camera then pans to the left, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
15. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
16. The camera then pans to the right, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
17. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
18. The camera then pans to the left, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
19. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
20. The camera then pans to the right, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
21. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
22. The camera then pans to the left, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
23. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
24. The camera then pans to the right, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
25. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
26. The camera then pans to the left, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
27. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
28. The camera then pans to the right, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
29. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
30. The camera then pans to the left, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
31. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
32. The camera then pans to the right, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
33. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
34. The camera then pans to the left, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
35. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
36. The camera then pans to the right, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
37. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
38. The camera then pans to the left, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
39. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
40. The camera then pans to the right, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
41. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
42. The camera then pans to the left, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
43. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
44. The camera then pans to the right, showing a close-up of a tree branch.
45. The camera zooms in on a tree branch, capturing its texture and details.
"46. The camera then pans to the left, showing a close-up of a tree"",1,1,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is gathered at a location, possibly a park or a similar outdoor setting. They are engaged in various activities, such as playing with a frisbee, sitting on a bench, and walking around. The scene captures a casual and relaxed atmosphere, where individuals are enjoying their time together outdoors. The presence of a frisbee suggests that they might be participating in a friendly game or simply having fun with the frisbee as a recreational item. Overall, the video portrays a social gathering where people are spending quality time together in a pleasant outdoor environment."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['park']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person in a room, possibly a living room or a bedroom, with a large wooden tree. The person is talking to someone on a video call, and the conversation is taking place in the room. The video also shows a clock in the background, which indicates the time of the conversation. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the person in the room, the presence of the large wooden tree, and the ongoing video call."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions in the video starts at 0:00 and ends at 0:05. At this point, a person is seen talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program. The assistant is likely providing assistance or responding to the person's questions or commands."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person sitting in a room, possibly a living room or a bedroom, with a laptop in front of them. The person is engaged in a video call, possibly with a friend or a family member, as they are talking and laughing together. The room appears to be a cozy and comfortable space, with a window in the background, which suggests that it could be a home environment. The presence of the laptop indicates that the person might be using it for various purposes, such as work, entertainment, or communication. Overall, the video captures a casual and friendly interaction between the person and their friend or family member, taking place in a familiar and comfortable setting."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a living room, with a person sitting in a chair. The video is dated from 2019-09-23, and the person is engaged in a conversation with a large vision-language assistant, likely discussing a topic or asking a question. The spatio-temporal context highlights the use of technology in everyday life, with the person interacting with the large vision-language assistant to receive assistance or information."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a person sitting in a chair, possibly in a room.
2. The person starts talking, and the video shows their mouth moving as they speak.
3. The person is sitting in the chair and talking, and the video captures their facial expressions and body language.
4. The person continues talking, and the video captures their mouth movements and expressions.
5. The video ends with the person still talking and sitting in the chair.

"The timeline shows the progression of the person speaking and their facial expressions, which helps to understand the content of their conversation and their emotions during the interaction."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is sitting in a room, possibly in a living room or a bedroom. They are holding a cell phone and are engaged in a conversation with someone. Additionally, there is a dog in the room, which suggests that the person might be in a home environment. The person is also seen looking at the camera, which could indicate that they are aware of being recorded or filmed. The overall scene portrays a casual and relaxed atmosphere, with the person using their cell phone for communication and the presence of the dog adding a touch of warmth and companionship to the setting."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is sitting in a room and talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the person sitting in the room and the computer screen displaying the vision-language assistant. The conversation between the person and the assistant likely involves discussing a specific topic or task, with the assistant providing guidance or assistance using natural language. The exact start and end timestamps of the conversation cannot be determined from the provided information."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. A person is seen talking on a cell phone, possibly discussing a matter related to the video.
2. The person is then seen holding a sign with text on it, which could be related to the video's content.
3. The person is seen walking down a street, possibly in a public area.
4. The person is seen sitting down, possibly in a public space, and talking on the cell phone.
5. The person is seen standing up, possibly in a public space, and talking on the cell phone.

"These events suggest that the person is actively engaged in a conversation or discussing a matter related to the video, while also being present in a public area or space."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a location, possibly a park or a public area. They are engaged in various activities such as sitting, standing, and walking around. Some individuals are also seen talking to each other, which indicates a social atmosphere. There is a man sitting on a bench, and a woman is walking away from the group. The overall scene depicts a casual and relaxed gathering of people in a public space."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['park']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man sitting in a room, possibly a living room, with a laptop. The time displayed on the laptop is 12:00 PM. The man is engaged in a video call with someone, possibly a woman, who is not visible in the video. The conversation appears to be about a betrayal, as indicated by the presence of the word """"Silence"""" in the video. The context suggests that the man is trying to resolve the issue or discuss the situation with the other person involved. The video also displays a clock, which further emphasizes the time of 12:00 PM."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a person's face, who is talking to the camera.
2. The person then turns their head to the side and points to something, possibly indicating a specific object or location.
3. The person continues to talk, and their head is turned to the side again, possibly indicating a different topic or direction.
4. The person then points to the camera, possibly indicating that they are addressing the viewer or providing information.
5. The person's head is turned to the side once more, and they continue to talk.

"These actions suggest that the person is engaged in a conversation or providing information to the viewer, possibly about a specific topic or location. The use of hand gestures and body language adds to the visual communication and helps convey the intended message."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a man is sitting in a room, holding a cell phone. He is likely using the phone for various purposes, such as communication, browsing the internet, or engaging in social media. The room appears to be a living room, which suggests that the man might be at home or in a residential setting. The presence of a cell phone in this context indicates that the man is connected to the digital world and possibly engaged in personal or professional activities."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a room, with a person sitting on a chair. The time of the video is between 12:00 PM and 1:00 PM. The person is engaged in a video call, possibly using a laptop. They are sitting in a chair and talking to someone on the other end of the call. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the room, the chair, and the time of the call."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a view of a runway at an airport, with a jetliner on the runway.
2. The jetliner takes off from the runway, and the camera captures the moment.
3. The plane is flying in the sky, and the camera follows it.
4. The plane is flying over a city, and the camera captures the cityscape.
5. The plane is flying over a forest, and the camera captures the forest below.
6. The plane is flying over a field, and the camera captures the field below.
7. The plane is flying over a residential area, and the camera captures the houses below.
8. The plane is flying over a highway, and the camera captures the highway below.
9. The plane is flying over a park, and the camera captures the park below.
10. The plane is flying over a city, and the camera captures the cityscape.
11. The plane is flying over a forest, and the camera captures the forest below.
12. The plane is flying over a field, and the camera captures the field below.
13. The plane is flying over a residential area, and the camera captures the houses below.
14. The plane is flying over a highway, and the camera captures the highway below.
15. The plane is flying over a park, and the camera captures the park below.
16. The plane is flying over a city, and the camera captures the cityscape.
17. The plane is flying over a forest, and the camera captures the forest below.
18. The plane is flying over a field, and the camera captures the field below.
19. The plane is flying over a residential area, and the camera captures the houses below.
20. The plane is flying over a highway, and the camera captures the highway below.
21. The plane is flying over a park, and the camera captures the park below.
22. The plane is flying over a city, and the camera captures the cityscape.
23. The plane is flying over a forest, and the camera captures the forest below.
24. The plane is flying over a field, and the camera captures the field below.
25. The plane is flying over a residential area, and the camera captures the houses below.
26. The plane is flying over a highway, and the camera captures the highway below.
27. The plane is flying over a park, and the camera captures the park below.
28. The plane is flying over a city, and the camera captures the cityscape.
29. The plane is flying over a forest, and the camera captures the forest below.
30. The plane is flying over a field, and the camera captures the field below.
31. The plane is flying over a residential area, and the camera captures the houses below.
32. The plane is flying over a highway, and the camera captures the highway below.
33. The plane is flying over a park, and the camera captures the park below.
34. The plane is flying over a city, and the camera captures the cityscape.
35. The plane is flying over a forest, and the camera captures the forest below.
36. The plane is flying over a field, and the camera captures the field below.
37. The plane is flying over a residential area, and the camera captures the houses below.
38. The plane is flying over a highway, and the camera captures the highway below.
39. The plane is flying over a park, and the camera captures the park below.
40. The plane is flying over a city, and the camera captures the cityscape.
41. The plane is flying over a forest, and the camera captures the forest below.
42. The plane is flying over a field, and the camera captures the field below.
43. The plane is flying over a residential area, and the camera captures the houses below.
44. The plane is flying over a highway, and the camera captures the highway below.
45. The plane is flying over a park, and the camera captures the park below.
46. The plane is flying over a city, and the camera captures the cityscape.
47. The plane is flying over a forest, and the camera captures the forest below.
"4"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a large airport is shown with a runway and a city in the background. The airport is busy with airplanes taking off and landing, and there are multiple people working on the tarmac. The airport is situated near a city, which adds to the urban setting. The scene captures the bustling nature of the airport and the city, highlighting the importance of air travel and transportation in modern society."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a large airport with a runway and a city in the background. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the airport runway, which is where the airplane is taking off or landing, and the city in the background, which is the location of the airport. The video captures the airplane's movement and the surrounding environment, highlighting the interaction between the airport and the city."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a person standing on a mountain, possibly taking a photo or enjoying the view.
2. The person then starts talking to someone, possibly a friend or a family member, and the conversation continues for a few minutes.
3. After the conversation, the person takes a photo of the mountain, capturing the beautiful scenery.
4. The person then continues to talk to someone, possibly discussing their experience or sharing their thoughts about the mountain.
"5. The video ends with the person standing on the mountain, capturing the last moments of their time there."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is gathered at a location with a large body of water, such as a lake or a river. They are enjoying their time together, engaging in various activities such as swimming, boating, and socializing. The presence of a boat in the water suggests that some individuals might be participating in water sports or leisurely cruising. The group seems to be having a good time, creating a lively atmosphere at the location."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a mountainous area, with a person standing on a rocky cliff. The scene is set in the mountains, with the person standing on a rocky cliff. The video starts at 0:00 and ends at 0:06, during which the person is standing on the cliff. The event or action in the video is the person standing on the rocky cliff, possibly enjoying the view or taking a break from their journey."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

- 0:00-0:05: The video begins with a close-up of a tree.
- 0:05-0:10: The camera zooms in on a tree branch, focusing on a bird perched on it.
- 0:10-0:15: The bird starts to move, possibly flying away from the camera.
- 0:15-0:20: The camera follows the bird as it moves through the tree branches.
- 0:20-0:25: The bird lands on a tree branch, and the camera zooms in on it.
- 0:25-0:30: The bird is seen sitting on the tree branch.
- 0:30-0:35: The camera zooms out, showing the entire tree and its surroundings.
- 0:35-0:40: The camera continues to follow the bird as it moves through the tree branches.
- 0:40-0:45: The bird is seen sitting on a tree branch, and the camera zooms in on it.
- 0:45-0:50: The bird is seen sitting on a tree branch, and the camera zooms out, showing the entire tree and its surroundings.
- 0:50-0:55: The camera continues to follow the bird as it moves through the tree branches.
"- 0:55-1:00: The video ends with the camera following the bird as it moves through the tree branches."",0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is seen walking through a forest, with trees surrounding them. The person is also carrying a backpack, which suggests that they might be on a hike or an outdoor adventure. As they walk through the forest, they come across a tree with a large branch that appears to be hanging over the path. The person carefully navigates around the branch, ensuring their safety while continuing their journey through the forest. This scene captures the essence of exploring nature and the challenges that can arise while navigating through a natural environment."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person in a tree, with the tree located in a forest. The person is sitting in the tree, and the scene takes place during the day. The exact time cannot be determined from the video, but it is clear that the person is spending time in the tree and enjoying the forest environment."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a person riding a skateboard in a skate park.
2. At 0:08, the person starts to ride up a ramp.
3. At 0:12, the person is seen riding down the ramp.
4. At 0:15, the person is seen riding on a concrete surface.
5. At 0:20, the person is seen riding on a street.
6. At 0:22, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk.
7. At 0:25, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
8. At 0:30, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
9. At 0:35, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
10. At 0:40, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
11. At 0:45, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
12. At 0:50, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
13. At 0:55, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
14. At 1:00, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
15. At 1:05, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
16. At 1:10, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
17. At 1:15, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
18. At 1:20, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
19. At 1:25, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
20. At 1:30, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
21. At 1:35, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
22. At 1:40, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
23. At 1:45, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
24. At 1:50, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
25. At 1:55, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
26. At 2:00, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
27. At 2:05, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
28. At 2:10, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
29. At 2:15, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
30. At 2:20, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
31. At 2:25, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
32. At 2:30, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
33. At 2:35, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
34. At 2:40, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
35. At 2:45, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
36. At 2:50, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
37. At 2:55, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
38. At 3:00, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
39. At 3:05, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
40. At 3:10, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
41. At 3:15, the person is seen riding on a sidewalk near a building.
"42. At 3:2"",0,1,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people gathered at a location, likely a skate park, where they are engaged in various activities. Some individuals are skateboarding, while others are watching and possibly waiting for their turn. The skate park appears to be well-maintained, with a smooth surface suitable for skateboarding. The scene captures the social aspect of the activity, as people come together to share their passion for skateboarding and enjoy the company of others."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,2,['park']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person riding a skateboard at a skate park, with the skateboarder performing tricks and maneuvers. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the skate park, which is a designated area for skateboarding activities, and the time when the skateboarder is actively riding and performing tricks. The skate park provides a safe and controlled environment for skateboarders to practice and improve their skills, while the skateboarder's actions showcase their ability to execute various tricks and maneuvers, showcasing their expertise and skill in the sport."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,3,['park']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person walking into a cave, followed by a close-up of the person's face. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The person walks into the cave, likely exploring or entering a new area.
"2. The camera captures a close-up of the person's face, possibly to show their reaction or expression as they enter the cave."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is seen walking in a rocky area, possibly a mountainous region. They are carrying a backpack and walking towards a cave. As they approach the cave, they stop and look inside. The scene takes place in a natural setting, with the person exploring the outdoors and the cave as the main focal point. The overall atmosphere of the video is adventurous and exploratory, showcasing the individual's interest in nature and their willingness to venture into unfamiliar environments."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person sitting in a car, possibly in a parking lot, and talking to someone on a cell phone. The car is parked near a rock wall, which suggests that the location is outdoors. The conversation on the cell phone is about a meeting, indicating that the person is discussing a scheduled event or appointment. The spatio-temporal context of the video is focused on the car, the parking lot, and the rock wall, with the conversation taking place during the time the person is in the car."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a person's face, and the person is talking.
2. The person is then seen walking across a dirt field, and the camera follows them.
3. The person stops walking and turns to face the camera, and the camera continues to follow them.
4. The person is seen walking away from the camera, and the camera continues to follow them.
5. The person is seen walking towards the camera, and the camera continues to follow them.
6. The person is seen walking away from the camera, and the camera continues to follow them.
7. The person is seen walking towards the camera, and the camera continues to follow them.
8. The person is seen walking away from the camera, and the camera continues to follow them.
9. The person is seen walking towards the camera, and the camera continues to follow them.

"These events occur in a continuous loop, with the person walking and the camera following them."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a man is seen walking on a dirt road, possibly in a desert or a rural area. He is walking towards the camera, and it appears that he is either exploring the area or heading towards a specific destination. As he walks, he is also accompanied by a dog, which suggests that he might be traveling with his pet. The overall atmosphere of the video is calm and peaceful, with the man and his dog enjoying their time together in the outdoors."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a desert, with a person standing in the middle of it. The time of the day is daytime. The person is engaged in an activity, possibly walking or standing, while the camera captures the scene. The spatio-temporal contexts highlighted in the video are the desert setting, daytime, and the person's activity within the environment."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. 0:00 - The video begins with a car driving down a street.
2. 0:07 - A person is seen walking on the sidewalk.
3. 0:12 - The car stops at a stop sign.
4. 0:15 - The person on the sidewalk starts to cross the street.
5. 0:18 - The car starts moving again, and the person on the sidewalk continues to cross.
6. 0:21 - The person on the sidewalk is halfway across the street.
7. 0:24 - The car stops again at the stop sign.
8. 0:27 - The person on the sidewalk finishes crossing the street.
9. 0:30 - The car starts moving again, and the person on the sidewalk continues to walk.

"The video captures the interaction between the car and the pedestrian, highlighting the importance of following traffic rules and being aware of one's surroundings."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a busy city street with multiple people walking around, cars driving by, and a traffic light. There is also a group of people standing around, possibly engaging in conversation or waiting for something. The scene captures the bustling atmosphere of a city, highlighting the interactions and activities that take place in urban environments."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a parking lot, with some of them standing near a car. The scene takes place in the evening, as indicated by the presence of streetlights and the time of day. The people are engaged in various activities, such as talking, standing around, and possibly preparing to leave the parking lot. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the parking lot, the evening, and the group of people interacting with each other."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:"

1. The video begins with a close-up of a chef preparing food on a cutting board.
2. The chef is cutting vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
3. The chef is then seen cutting meat on the cutting board.
4. The chef is seen cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
5. The chef is cutting more vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
6. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
7. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
8. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
9. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
10. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
11. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
12. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
13. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
14. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
15. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
16. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
17. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
18. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
19. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
20. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
21. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
22. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
23. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
24. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
25. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
26. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
27. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
28. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
29. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
30. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
31. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
32. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
33. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
34. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
35. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
36. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
37. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
38. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
39. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
40. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
41. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
42. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
43. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
44. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
45. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
46. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
47. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
48. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
49. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
50. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
51. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
52. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
53. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on the cutting board.
54. The chef is cutting the vegetables and placing them on the cutting board.
"55. The chef is cutting the meat and placing it on"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a chef is preparing food in a kitchen, using various utensils such as a knife and a spatula. The chef is cutting up vegetables and cooking on a stove. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped with various cooking tools and appliances, including a sink, a refrigerator, and a microwave. The chef is working diligently to create a delicious meal, showcasing their culinary skills and attention to detail. The overall atmosphere of the kitchen is focused and lively, with the chef actively engaged in the process of preparing the food."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a restaurant kitchen, where a chef is preparing food on a cutting board. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the kitchen area, the cutting board, and the chef's actions. The chef is cutting ingredients on the cutting board, which suggests that they are in the process of preparing a dish. The kitchen environment also implies that the chef is working in a professional setting, possibly in a restaurant or a professional kitchen. The video captures a moment in time where the chef is actively engaged in the food preparation process, showcasing their skills and expertise in the culinary arts."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,4,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a view of a city skyline, including a large building.
2. A person is seen walking down the street, possibly in the city.
3. The person is captured in a close-up shot, and the camera zooms in on them.
4. The person is seen walking down the street, and the camera follows them as they continue to walk.
5. The person is captured in a close-up shot, and the camera zooms in on them.
6. The person is seen walking down the street, and the camera follows them as they continue to walk.
7. The person is captured in a close-up shot, and the camera zooms in on them.
8. The person is seen walking down the street, and the camera follows them as they continue to walk.
9. The person is captured in a close-up shot, and the camera zooms in on them.
10. The person is seen walking down the street, and the camera follows them as they continue to walk.
11. The person is captured in a close-up shot, and the camera zooms in on them.
12. The person is seen walking down the street, and the camera follows them as they continue to walk.
13. The person is captured in a close-up shot, and the camera zooms in on them.
14. The person is seen walking down the street, and the camera follows them as they continue to walk.
15. The person is captured in a close-up shot, and the camera zooms in on them.
16. The person is seen walking down the street, and the camera follows them as they continue to walk.
17. The person is captured in a close-up shot, and the camera zooms in on them.
18. The person is seen walking down the street, and the camera follows them as they continue to walk.
19. The person is captured in a close-up shot, and the camera zooms in on them.
20. The person is seen walking down the street, and the camera follows them as they continue to walk.

"The video ends with the person walking down the street, and the camera follows them as they continue to walk."",1,1,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a location, possibly a park or a city square. They are engaged in various activities, such as walking, sitting, and standing around. Some individuals are also using their cell phones, which suggests that they might be communicating with friends, checking social media, or browsing the internet. The presence of a building in the background indicates that the location is likely an urban setting. The overall atmosphere appears to be casual and relaxed, with people enjoying their time together in the outdoor space."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['park']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person walking down a street, possibly in a city, and talking on a cell phone. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the person's movement along the street, the presence of a building in the background, and the time of day, which appears to be daytime. The person is engaged in a conversation on their cell phone, which suggests that they might be multitasking or communicating with someone while walking down the street."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a person standing in front of a camera.
2. The person starts talking, and the camera captures their words.
3. The person is seen walking away from the camera, leaving the frame.
4. The camera continues to capture the person's words, even after they have left the frame.
"5. The video ends with the camera capturing the person's words."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is gathered at a location, possibly a beach. They are engaged in various activities, such as walking along the shore, playing with a dog, and sitting on the sand. Some individuals are also standing in the water, possibly wading or swimming. The overall atmosphere appears to be relaxed and enjoyable, with people spending time together and participating in recreational activities."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person in a boat, likely in a body of water, with the boat's motor running. The person is sitting in the boat and appears to be enjoying their time on the water. The video is set in a spatio-temporal context that includes the boat, the water, and the person's presence on the boat. The event or action captured in the video is the person's leisurely boating experience, which could be for recreational purposes or as a means of transportation."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video begins with a person standing on a grassy hill, looking at the camera.
2. The person starts talking to the camera, and the video shows the person's face and the surrounding environment.
3. The person continues talking, and the camera captures the person's facial expressions and body language.
4. The person stops talking, and the video shows the person's face and the surrounding environment.
"5. The video ends with the person standing on the grassy hill, looking at the camera."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a grassy field, possibly at a park or a similar outdoor location. They are engaged in various activities, such as playing with a frisbee, walking around, and socializing with each other. The presence of a frisbee suggests that they might be participating in a casual game or recreational activity, enjoying the outdoors and each other's company. The lush green field provides a pleasant environment for these activities, making it an ideal location for people to spend time together and have fun."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['park']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a grassy field, with a person standing on a hill. The scene is set in the mountains, with the person standing on a grassy hill. The video is shot in the daytime. The main event or action depicted in the video is the person standing on the hill and looking at the camera."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1:00-1:05: A person is walking down a street, possibly in a park.

1:06-1:10: The person stops and looks at the camera.

1:11-1:15: The person walks away from the camera.

1:16-1:20: The person walks into a yard and stops to look at something.

1:21-1:25: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

1:26-1:30: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

1:31-1:35: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

1:36-1:40: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

1:41-1:45: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

1:46-1:50: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

1:51-1:55: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

1:56-2:00: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

2:01-2:05: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

2:06-2:10: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

2:11-2:15: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

2:16-2:20: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

2:21-2:25: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

2:26-2:30: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

2:31-2:35: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

2:36-2:40: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

2:41-2:45: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

2:46-2:50: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

2:51-2:55: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

2:56-3:00: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

3:01-3:05: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

3:06-3:10: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

3:11-3:15: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

3:16-3:20: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

3:21-3:25: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

3:26-3:30: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

3:31-3:35: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

3:36-3:40: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

3:41-3:45: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

3:46-3:50: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

3:51-3:55: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

3:56-4:00: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

4:01-4:05: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

4:06-4:10: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

4:11-4:15: The person walks into the yard and stops to look at something.

"4:16-"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a park, likely enjoying a picnic or a casual gathering. They are sitting on the grass, with some of them standing around, and there are several chairs and a dining table present in the scene. The people seem to be engaged in conversations and socializing with each other, creating a relaxed and friendly atmosphere. The park setting provides an ideal environment for people to spend time together, enjoy the outdoors, and share a meal or simply unwind in a pleasant setting."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,2,['park']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a backyard, where a person is walking around and playing with a dog. The time of the video is from 1:15 to 2:00 PM. The person is engaged in various activities, such as walking the dog, playing with it, and possibly feeding it. The spatio-temporal context of the video suggests a leisurely outdoor activity in a residential setting, where the person is enjoying their time with their pet."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a person's face, who is talking.
2. The person is seen walking down a street, and the camera follows them.
3. The person is walking towards a building, and the camera continues to follow them.
4. The person is seen walking into the building, and the camera continues to follow them.
5. The person is walking down a hallway, and the camera continues to follow them.
6. The person is seen walking into a room, and the camera continues to follow them.
7. The person is walking towards a window, and the camera continues to follow them.
8. The person is seen walking towards a door, and the camera continues to follow them.
9. The person is walking out of the building, and the camera continues to follow them.
"10. The video ends with the person walking out of the building."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is seen walking down a street in a city, passing by a building with a clock on it. As the person continues to walk, they come across a group of people gathered outside a building. The group appears to be engaged in a conversation or an event, as they are standing together and interacting with each other. The person walking down the street might be a passerby or a participant in the event, as they continue to move along the street. Overall, the scene captures a moment of social interaction and activity in a city setting."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video primarily takes place in a large building, likely an office or a similar indoor setting. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include a person sitting at a desk, a person standing in the background, and a person walking down a hallway. The events and actions in the video include the person sitting at the desk, the person standing in the background, and the person walking down the hallway. The video captures a moment where the person sitting at the desk is engaged in a conversation with someone, and the person standing in the background is likely observing or waiting for their turn to speak. The person walking down the hallway is also present in the scene, possibly moving between different areas of the building or attending to their own tasks."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a person's face, who is talking to the camera.
2. The person is then seen walking through a grassy area, possibly in a park.
3. The person is seen walking towards a fence, and the camera follows them as they walk towards the fence.
4. The person is seen walking towards a grassy area, and the camera continues to follow them.
5. The person is seen walking through the grass, and the camera captures the movement.
6. The person is seen walking towards a grassy area, and the camera captures the movement.
7. The person is seen walking towards a grassy area, and the camera captures the movement.

"These events are captured in a continuous sequence, showcasing the person's movement and interactions with their surroundings."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is seen walking through a grassy field, possibly in a park. They are also holding a cell phone and talking on it. The scene takes place in a natural outdoor setting, with the person walking through the grass and enjoying the surroundings. The presence of the cell phone suggests that the person might be using it for communication or capturing memories of their time in the park."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,2,['park']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person standing in a grassy field, possibly in a park, with a cell phone in their hand. The scene takes place between 1:00 and 2:00 PM. The person is likely using the cell phone to communicate with someone, capture a photo or record a video, or engage in some other activity that involves the use of the phone. The spatio-temporal context of the video suggests a casual outdoor setting, possibly during a leisurely day or a break from work or school."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['park']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. 0:00-0:05: A group of people is standing in the water, possibly in a river or a lake.
2. 0:05-0:10: A man jumps into the water, followed by another man.
3. 0:10-0:15: The two men are swimming in the water, with one of them holding a bottle.
4. 0:15-0:20: The man holding the bottle is seen swimming towards the camera.
5. 0:20-0:25: The man holding the bottle is seen swimming in the water.
6. 0:25-0:30: The man holding the bottle is seen swimming towards the camera.
7. 0:30-0:35: The man holding the bottle is seen swimming in the water.
8. 0:35-0:40: The man holding the bottle is seen swimming towards the camera.
9. 0:40-0:45: The man holding the bottle is seen swimming in the water.
10. 0:45-0:50: The man holding the bottle is seen swimming towards the camera.

"These events capture the group of people engaging in various water-related activities, such as jumping into the water, swimming, and interacting with each other."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people gathered at a location with a large body of water, such as a river or a lake. They are standing on rocks and engaging in various activities, including jumping into the water and playing. The group seems to be enjoying their time together, taking advantage of the natural setting and the water for recreational purposes. The presence of the large body of water adds a sense of adventure and excitement to the scene, making it a popular spot for socializing and outdoor activities."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is seen at a waterfall, with some of them jumping into the water. The spatio-temporal context of the video can be summarized as follows:"

- Place: The location is a waterfall, which is a natural feature with a body of water flowing over a rocky cliff.
- Start-Timestamp: The video starts at 00:00:00, indicating that the event has just started.
- End-Timestamp: The video ends at 00:00:30, suggesting that the event has not yet reached its conclusion.

"The event in the video is the group of people jumping into the water at the waterfall, which is an exciting and enjoyable activity for the participants."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a person talking to a large vision-language assistant, which is a computer program.
"2. The person is explaining the concept of a """"chicken coop"""" to the computer program."
3. The computer program, Video-ChatGPT, is listening to the person's explanation and providing a response.
"4. The person continues to explain the concept of a """"chicken coop"""" to the computer program."
5. The computer program is still listening and providing a response.
"6. The person and the computer program continue their conversation, with the person explaining the concept of a """"chicken coop"""" and the computer program providing responses."

"Throughout the conversation, the person and the computer program are engaged in a dialogue, with the computer program demonstrating its ability to understand and respond to the person's explanations."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a location, which appears to be a park or a similar outdoor space. They are engaged in various activities, such as walking around, sitting on benches, and socializing with each other. Some individuals are also playing with a dog, which adds a lively and friendly atmosphere to the scene. The presence of a park bench and a dog suggests that the location is a public space where people can relax, spend time with their pets, and enjoy the outdoors. Overall, the video captures a typical day in a park, showcasing the interactions and activities of the people and their pets."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['park']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a residential area, with a person standing on a sidewalk in front of a house. The video starts at 1:00 PM and ends at 1:05 PM. During this time, the person is engaged in a conversation with someone else, possibly a friend or a family member. The conversation appears to be casual and friendly, as they are standing outside and enjoying each other's company."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person riding a water slide, which is a fun and exciting event. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The person starts riding the water slide, likely at the top of the slide.
2. The person reaches the bottom of the slide and exits the water slide.
3. The person is seen riding the water slide, possibly enjoying the ride and the water splashes.

"These events are captured in the video, showcasing the person's experience on the water slide."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is gathered at a water park, enjoying various activities and attractions. They can be seen riding on inflatable slides, playing in the water, and socializing with each other. The water park provides a fun and entertaining environment for people of all ages to spend their leisure time and make lasting memories."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,2,['park']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a backyard with a large inflatable slide and a pool. The slide is being used by a person, who is riding it down the hill. The scene is set in the daytime, and the person is enjoying their time at the backyard. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the backyard with the inflatable slide and pool, the person riding the slide, and the daytime setting."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a rocky area, possibly a cave or a rock formation.
2. At 0:09, the camera zooms in on the rock formation, focusing on a particular area.
3. At 0:14, the camera zooms out to show the entire rock formation.
4. At 0:20, the camera zooms in on a small area of the rock formation, possibly highlighting a particular feature or detail.
5. At 0:25, the camera zooms out again to show the entire rock formation.
6. At 0:30, the camera zooms in on a small area of the rock formation, possibly focusing on a particular feature or detail.
7. At 0:35, the camera zooms out to show the entire rock formation.
8. At 0:40, the camera zooms in on a small area of the rock formation, possibly focusing on a particular feature or detail.
9. At 0:45, the camera zooms out to show the entire rock formation.
10. At 0:50, the camera zooms in on a small area of the rock formation, possibly focusing on a particular feature or detail.
11. At 0:55, the camera zooms out to show the entire rock formation.
"12. At 1:00, the video ends."",0,1,0,1,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a location with a large amount of rocks and a body of water. They are engaged in various activities, such as walking around, exploring the area, and taking pictures. Some individuals are also seen standing on the rocks, possibly admiring the view or taking a break from their activities. The presence of the body of water suggests that this location may be a popular spot for outdoor recreational activities, such as hiking, photography, or simply enjoying the natural scenery."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""In the video, the main spatio-temporal contexts are a beach and a rocky area. The beach is characterized by its sandy terrain, while the rocky area is filled with rocks and algae. The video shows a person walking on the beach, possibly exploring the rocky area as well. The time of the video is not explicitly provided, but it is likely during the daytime. The person is walking on the beach, possibly engaging in activities such as exploring the rocky area, taking a leisurely stroll, or simply enjoying the natural surroundings."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a person standing on the beach, looking at the camera.
2. The person then walks towards the camera and begins talking.
3. The person continues talking while walking along the beach, pointing at something in the distance.
4. The person stops walking and turns to face the camera, continuing their conversation.
5. The person then walks away from the camera, leaving the beach.

"The timeline captures the progression of the person's actions and interactions with the camera throughout the video."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is gathered on a beach, enjoying their time together. They are standing in the sand, possibly engaging in various activities such as sunbathing, swimming, or playing beach games. The beach setting provides a relaxing and fun atmosphere for the group, allowing them to unwind and bond with each other. The presence of the ocean in the background adds to the overall appeal of the location, making it an ideal spot for a day out with friends or family."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a beach scene with a person standing on the shore. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the beach location and the time when the person is standing on the shore. The beach is a popular location for various activities, such as sunbathing, swimming, or simply enjoying the scenery. The person in the video might be taking a break from their activities, observing the surroundings, or preparing to engage in a beach-related activity. The time when the person is standing on the shore can be inferred from the context of the scene, but it is not explicitly stated in the video."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a person riding a motorcycle down a street.
2. The motorcycle rider is seen turning a corner and going down a hill.
3. The rider is seen riding down a street next to a building.
4. The rider is seen riding down a street and turning a corner.
5. The rider is seen riding down a street and turning another corner.
6. The rider is seen riding down a street and turning a final corner.
"7. The video ends with the rider riding down the street."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is riding a motorcycle down a street, possibly in a city. As the motorcycle speeds down the road, it is captured in a series of close-up shots. The rider is also seen wearing a helmet, which is essential for safety while riding a motorcycle. The video captures the excitement and thrill of the motorcycle ride, showcasing the rider's skill and control over the vehicle."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person riding a motorcycle down a street, with the motorcycle speeding down the road and the rider leaning into a curve. The scene takes place in a city, with buildings and other urban elements visible in the background. The video is time-stamped from 0:00 to 0:05, which indicates that the rider is actively navigating the curve during this time. This suggests that the rider is skillfully maneuvering the motorcycle through the urban environment, demonstrating their control and expertise in handling the vehicle."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:"

1. A group of people is standing on a track, preparing to run.
2. A man in a suit is watching the group of people as they stand on the track.
3. The group of people starts running, with some of them running down the track and others running up the track.
4. The man in the suit continues to watch the group of people as they run.
5. The group of people finishes running and stops at the end of the track.

"The video captures the moment when the group of people starts running, with some of them running down the track and others running up the track. The man in the suit appears to be observing the group as they run, possibly for a race or a competition. The video ends with the group of people stopping at the end of the track."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people, including athletes, standing on a track in a grassy field. They are lined up along the track, possibly preparing for a race or a competition. The presence of the track and the athletes' positioning suggest that this is an outdoor event, possibly a track and field competition or a training session. The athletes are likely focused on their performance, aiming to achieve their best times or scores in the event."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people running on a track, with some of them wearing uniforms. The scene takes place on a track with a starting line, and the runners are lined up on the track. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the track, the starting line, and the runners' positions on the track. The event or action depicted in the video is a group of people participating in a race or competition, with some of them lined up and ready to start running."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. The man is seen standing on a sailboat, holding onto a sail, and preparing to sail.
2. He starts sailing the boat, and the sail fills with wind, causing the boat to move.
3. The man continues to sail the boat, and the wind fills the sail more, causing the boat to speed up.
4. The man is seen actively steering the boat, maintaining control and balance.
5. The boat is now sailing at a fast pace, and the man is enjoying the ride.

"These events showcase the man's skill in sailing the boat and his ability to navigate the windy conditions effectively."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a man is sailing a sailboat on a large body of water, likely a lake or ocean. He is skillfully maneuvering the boat, navigating through the waves and enjoying the windy weather. The sailor is wearing a life jacket, which indicates that he is taking safety precautions while engaging in this recreational activity. The video captures the thrill and excitement of sailing, showcasing the sailor's expertise and the beauty of the natural environment."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""In the video, the main spatio-temporal contexts are a sailboat on a body of water, such as a lake or ocean, and a person on the sailboat. The person is actively sailing the boat, and the boat is moving across the water. The video captures the sailing activity at different moments in time, with the sailor actively maneuvering the sailboat. The overall setting suggests a recreational sailing experience, where the person is enjoying the outdoors and the thrill of sailing on the water."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video includes the man standing in front of a chalkboard, holding a piece of paper, and possibly drawing on the chalkboard. He is also talking to someone off-camera, possibly explaining the concept or drawing on the board. The timeline can be represented as follows:"

- 0:00: The man is standing in front of the chalkboard and holding a piece of paper.
- 0:01: He starts drawing on the chalkboard, possibly explaining the concept or demonstrating a mathematical problem.
- 0:02: He is talking to someone off-camera, possibly explaining the concept or providing instructions.
- 0:03: The man continues drawing on the chalkboard, possibly adding more details or elaborating on the concept.
- 0:04: He is still talking to someone off-camera, possibly discussing the solution or providing feedback.
- 0:05: The man finishes drawing on the chalkboard and turns to face the camera, possibly concluding his explanation or demonstration.
"- 0:06: The video ends."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a man is standing in a classroom, holding a whiteboard and a marker. He is likely explaining or demonstrating a mathematical concept, as he is pointing to the whiteboard with a math problem on it. The man appears to be a teacher or a math tutor, as he is standing in front of a group of students. The scene suggests that the man is engaging with the students, either teaching them a new concept or helping them understand a problem they are working on."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""In the video, a man is standing in front of a chalkboard, holding a piece of paper. He is explaining a math problem, specifically a triangle problem, to a group of students. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the man standing in front of the chalkboard, which is likely in a classroom setting, and the students listening to his explanation. The man is also holding a piece of paper, which could be a reference material or a solution to the problem he is explaining. The scene takes place at a specific time, which is not explicitly provided, but it is evident that the man is teaching the students and helping them understand the math problem."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions in the video starts with the person holding a piece of paper and then placing it on a wooden table. The person then picks up the paper and starts to write on it. After writing, the person folds the paper and places it back on the table. This sequence of events shows the person's interaction with the paper, including writing, folding, and placing it on the table."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is sitting at a wooden table and holding a piece of paper. They are using scissors to cut the paper, which is a common activity in various settings, such as schools, offices, or arts and crafts projects. The person is likely engaged in an activity that requires cutting the paper, such as creating a design, making a collage, or preparing a presentation. The presence of the scissors and the wooden table suggests that the person is in a place where such activities are common or necessary, such as a workspace, a classroom, or a creative environment."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person using a yellow sticky note to write on a wooden table. The main spatio-temporal contexts are the wooden table, the yellow sticky note, and the person's hand writing on the sticky note. The event or action taking place is the person writing on the sticky note, which could be for various purposes such as taking notes, reminders, or jotting down ideas. The time duration of this event is not explicitly provided, but it is evident that the person is actively engaged in writing on the sticky note at the moment."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video includes the following:"

1. A man is talking on a phone, sitting in a chair.
2. The man is holding a phone to his ear, and the phone is placed on a desk.
3. The man is sitting in a chair, talking on the phone.
4. The man is talking on the phone, and there is a clock in the background.
5. The man is talking on the phone, and there is a picture on the wall.

"These events occur in a continuous sequence, with the man engaging in a phone conversation while sitting in a chair."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a man is seen sitting at a desk in a room, talking on a phone. There is a toy car nearby, and a clock can be seen on the wall. The man is engaged in a conversation, possibly discussing something important or casual. The presence of the toy car and the clock suggests that the room might be a child's playroom or a space where the man spends time with his children. The overall setting appears to be a cozy and comfortable environment, where the man can relax and engage in conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a cartoon character, possibly a puppet, talking on a phone in a room. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the room where the character is located, the phone that the character is using, and the time when the character is talking on the phone. The character is engaged in a conversation, which suggests that the scene takes place in a domestic or personal setting, possibly a home or a small office. The presence of a phone and a room with a desk indicates that the character might be using the phone for communication or work-related purposes. The exact time cannot be determined from the video, but it is evident that the character is actively engaged in a phone conversation during the time the video was recorded."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a person riding a horse in a field.
2. The person is riding the horse and appears to be trotting or cantering.
3. The rider is seen looking back at the camera, possibly acknowledging its presence.
4. The horse is galloping across the field, with the rider maintaining their balance and control.
5. The horse and rider continue to move across the field, with the rider still looking back at the camera.
"6. The video ends with the horse and rider moving across the field."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person riding a horse in a grassy field. The rider is wearing a white shirt and a brown jacket, and they are riding the horse at a steady pace. The scene takes place in a large, open field with grass, providing a serene and natural environment for the horse and rider to enjoy their time together."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a rural setting, with a person riding a horse on a grassy field. The time of the video is between 10:30 AM and 11:30 AM. The person is riding the horse, and it appears that they are either training or enjoying a leisurely ride. The spatio-temporal context of the video highlights a peaceful and serene environment, where the rider and the horse are engaged in a shared activity, possibly in a countryside or equestrian facility."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video includes the following:"

1. The man is sitting on a bed, holding a guitar and playing it.
2. He is playing the guitar while looking at the camera.
3. He stops playing the guitar and looks at the camera.
4. He starts playing the guitar again.
5. He stops playing the guitar and looks at the camera once more.

"These events occur in a continuous sequence, with the man playing the guitar and looking at the camera throughout the video."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man sitting on a bed in a room, playing a guitar. He is holding the guitar and appears to be playing it while sitting on the bed. This suggests that the location is likely a bedroom, where the man is comfortable and relaxed while enjoying his guitar playing. The scene captures a moment of leisure and creativity for the man as he engages with his passion for music."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man sitting on a bed, playing a guitar. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the bedroom setting and the time frame of the man playing the guitar. The bedroom is a typical indoor environment where the man is comfortable and can enjoy his hobby. The time frame is not explicitly provided, but it is clear that the man is engaged in playing the guitar at the moment the video was captured."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of events in the video starts with the bed being made, followed by the bed being unmade and the bedspread being pulled. The bed is then made again, and the bedspread is pulled up. The bed is then unmade once more, and the bedspread is pulled down. The bed is then made for the final time, and the bedspread is pulled up."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a bedroom with a large bed and a window. The bedroom appears to be well-lit, and there is a person sitting on the bed. The person is engaged in a video call, possibly with a friend or family member. The bedroom setting suggests a comfortable and relaxed environment, where the individual is enjoying a conversation or sharing their day with someone else. The presence of the window may provide natural light and a view, adding to the overall ambiance of the room."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a bedroom with a large bed, a window, and a wall. The bed is neatly made, and there is a clock on the wall. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the bedroom, the bed, and the clock. The bedroom appears to be a comfortable and well-organized space, with the bed being the focal point of the room. The presence of the clock on the wall suggests that the room is designed for functionality and convenience, allowing the occupant to keep track of time while in the room."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. The man is seen opening a can of chili, pouring it into a bowl, and then stirring it with a spoon.
2. He then adds a spoonful of sauce to the chili, which is likely to enhance its flavor.
3. The man is seen stirring the chili and sauce mixture with the spoon, ensuring that the ingredients are well combined.
4. After stirring, the man pours the chili and sauce mixture into a pot on the stove.
5. He then adds some water to the pot, which is likely to create a sauce-like consistency for the chili.
6. The man is seen stirring the chili and sauce mixture in the pot, ensuring that it is well combined and heated evenly.
7. Finally, the man pours the chili and sauce mixture into a bowl, which he will likely serve to others.

"These events show the man preparing a meal, likely for himself or others, by combining chili, sauce, and water in a pot on the stove."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a man is preparing a meal in a kitchen, specifically making a salad. He is using a bowl and a spoon to mix the ingredients, which include canned beans. The kitchen appears to be a small, cluttered space with various items such as bottles and a knife. The man is also seen washing the canned beans before using them in the salad. This scene showcases the man's cooking process, highlighting the importance of proper food preparation and the use of canned beans as a nutritious ingredient in the salad."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""In the video, a man is preparing a meal in a kitchen, specifically making a spicy sauce. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the kitchen counter, where the man is standing and preparing the sauce, and the time frame between 12:00 PM and 1:00 PM. The man is using a bowl and a spoon to mix the ingredients, and he is also using a spoon to scoop out some sauce. The video captures the process of making a spicy sauce, which is an essential part of cooking and can be used in various dishes to enhance flavors and create unique culinary experiences."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video shows a dog lying on the floor, possibly in a kitchen, with its belly exposed. The dog is rolling around on the ground, possibly playing or seeking attention. The dog's actions start at 0:00 and end at 0:05, with the dog rolling around on the floor."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a dog is lying on the floor in a kitchen. The dog is pregnant and appears to be in the process of giving birth. The dog is laying on its side, and the baby dog is coming out. This is a significant event as the dog is giving birth to its puppies, which is a natural and essential part of the dog's life cycle. The scene takes place in a kitchen, which is a common location for dogs to give birth, as it provides a safe and comfortable environment for the mother dog and the newborn puppies."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a dog laying on the floor of a kitchen, with a clock in the background. The dog is pregnant and appears to be in the process of giving birth. The dog is laying on the floor, and the scene takes place between 10:00 and 11:00 AM. The dog is in the middle of the birthing process, which is a significant and life-changing event for both the dog and its owner."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video can be described as follows:"

1. The white cat is sitting on a bed, looking at the camera.
2. The cat starts to paw at the camera, possibly trying to get the attention of the person filming.
3. The cat continues to paw at the camera, and the person filming the cat starts to talk to it.
4. The cat looks at the camera and the person filming, seemingly responding to the person's voice.
5. The cat continues to paw at the camera, and the person filming the cat continues to talk to it.
6. The cat looks at the camera and the person filming, possibly indicating curiosity or interest in the person's words.
7. The cat stops pawing at the camera, and the person filming the cat ends the video.

"These events showcase the cat's curiosity and engagement with the person filming, as well as the cat's ability to respond to the person's voice and actions."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a white cat is seen sitting on a bed and looking at a wall. The cat appears to be staring at a light or a reflection on the wall, possibly due to a window or a mirror. The cat's attention is focused on the light, which may be capturing its curiosity or providing a source of entertainment. This scene captures a typical moment of a cat's behavior, as they are known for their curiosity and fascination with various stimuli in their environment."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are a bedroom and a living room. The white cat is seen in both locations, with the bedroom being the primary setting. The cat is sitting on a bed in the bedroom and then moves to the living room, where it is lying on a couch. The video captures the cat's movement and interaction with the environment, showcasing its comfort in both spaces."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of events in the video shows a man walking through a grassy field while holding a camera and a backpack. The man appears to be a photographer, as he is carrying a camera and a backpack, which are essential equipment for photography. The video captures the man walking through the field, possibly taking photographs or exploring the area. The exact start and end timestamps cannot be provided, but the overall duration of the video is approximately 1 minute."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a man is walking through a grassy field while holding a camera and a bag. He appears to be a photographer or a videographer, as he is carrying a camera and a bag, which are essential equipment for capturing images or recording videos. The man is walking through the field, possibly exploring the area or searching for a specific location to shoot. The presence of the grassy field suggests that the location might be a natural or rural setting, which could be suitable for outdoor photography or filming. The man's actions indicate that he is engaged in a creative pursuit, capturing the beauty of the environment through his camera and bag."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""In the video, a man is walking through a grassy field while holding a camera. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the man's location (grassy field), the time (daytime), and the action of the man walking while holding the camera. The scene suggests that the man might be capturing images or recording a video of the surrounding environment, possibly for personal or professional purposes."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The group of men, dressed in uniforms, are standing in a grassy field.
2. They are playing their instruments, which include a drum and a horn.
3. The men are playing their instruments while standing in the grass.
4. The group of men is playing their instruments together in the field.
5. The men are playing their instruments in the field, possibly as part of a performance or rehearsal.

"These events are captured in a single continuous shot, showcasing the group's synchronized performance and their enjoyment of playing together."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of men dressed in uniforms and playing musical instruments are seen walking through a grassy field. They are likely a marching band, as they are carrying their instruments and marching together. The scene takes place in a park, where the band members are performing and entertaining the audience. The band members are likely participating in a parade, a performance, or a special event, showcasing their musical talents and the unity of the group."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['park']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of men dressed in uniforms, playing musical instruments and marching in a field. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the field, which is a large, open space, and the time period when the event is taking place. The men are dressed in uniforms, which suggests that they might be part of a military band or a similar organization. The event could be a parade, a performance, or a rehearsal, as the men are marching and playing their instruments together. The presence of the field and the uniforms indicate that the event is outdoors and likely organized for a public audience."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video shows a car driving down a road, with a person in the car and another person walking nearby. The car is driving down a street with trees on both sides, and the person in the car is looking at the person walking. The video also shows the car driving down the road, with the person in the car looking at the person walking. The timeline is as follows:"

0:00-0:05: Car driving down the road with trees on both sides.
0:05-0:10: Person in the car looking at the person walking.
0:10-0:15: Car driving down the road, with the person in the car looking at the person walking.
0:15-0:20: Car driving down the road, with the person in the car looking at the person walking.
0:20-0:25: Car driving down the road, with the person in the car looking at the person walking.

"The video captures the car driving down the road and the person in the car looking at the person walking, creating a sense of movement and interaction between the two individuals."",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a street with a person walking down it, and a car driving down the road. The street is lined with trees, and there is a person standing on the sidewalk. The scene takes place in a city, with the street being a part of the urban landscape. The presence of the trees and the person on the sidewalk adds a sense of liveliness and character to the cityscape."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a car driving down a tree-lined street, with the car's headlights illuminating the road. The scene takes place during the day, as indicated by the presence of daylight. The car is moving at a moderate speed, and there are no other vehicles or pedestrians visible in the video. The street appears to be relatively quiet, with no significant disturbances or obstacles. The overall spatio-temporal context of the video is a daytime drive down a tree-lined street, with the car navigating the road and its headlights providing illumination."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a pot of sauce on the stove.
2. A person is seen stirring the sauce in the pot.
3. The person is using a spoon to stir the sauce.
4. The person is adding ingredients to the pot, likely to enhance the flavor of the sauce.
5. The person is continuing to stir the sauce, ensuring that it is well-mixed and heated evenly.
6. The person is adding more ingredients to the pot, further enhancing the taste of the sauce.
7. The person is stirring the sauce, ensuring that it is cooked to the desired consistency.
8. The person is adding the final ingredients to the pot, completing the sauce preparation.
9. The person is pouring the sauce into a bowl, likely to serve or store it for later use.

"Throughout the video, the person is actively engaged in the process of preparing the sauce, ensuring that it is cooked properly and flavored to perfection."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person cooking a meal in a kitchen, specifically making a sauce in a pot on the stove. The person is using a spoon to stir the sauce, which is simmering in the pot. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped with various appliances, such as a sink, oven, and microwave. The person is actively engaged in the cooking process, ensuring that the sauce is properly mixed and cooked to achieve the desired consistency and flavor. The kitchen setting suggests that the person is preparing a meal for themselves or others, possibly for a family gathering or a special occasion."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person cooking a meal on a stove, using a pot and a spoon. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the kitchen, the stove, and the pot of food being prepared. The cooking process takes place over a period of time, with the person stirring the food in the pot and adding ingredients to enhance the flavor. The stove is an essential element of the cooking environment, providing the heat necessary for the food to cook. The kitchen setting is where the cooking process takes place, and the person is actively engaged in preparing the meal."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:"

1. The woman, who appears to be elderly, is sitting in a chair in front of a window.
2. She is wearing glasses and has a red shirt.
3. She is engaged in a video call on her cell phone, possibly talking to someone.
4. She is smiling and appears to be enjoying the conversation.
"5. The video ends with the woman still sitting in the chair and smiling."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, an elderly woman is sitting in front of a window, wearing a red shirt and glasses. She is engaged in a video call, possibly using a computer or a smartphone, to communicate with someone. The woman appears to be focused on the conversation and is actively participating in the discussion. The scene takes place in a living room, where the woman is sitting comfortably, surrounded by a window and possibly other furniture. This setting suggests that the woman is in a familiar and cozy environment, which adds to the overall atmosphere of the video."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a living room, with an elderly woman sitting in a red chair. The woman is wearing glasses and has a red shirt. The video starts at 1:00 PM and ends at 1:20 PM. During this time, the woman is engaged in a conversation with someone, possibly a friend or family member. The conversation is not directly visible in the video, but it is clear that the woman is actively participating in the interaction. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the living room setting and the time frame of 1:00 PM to 1:20 PM."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a fish in the water.
2. A shark is then seen swimming in the water, approaching the camera.
3. The shark swims past the camera, and the fish is seen swimming away.
4. The shark continues to swim in the water, and the fish is seen swimming in the background.
5. The shark swims away from the camera, and the fish is seen swimming in the water.

"These events showcase the interaction between the fish and the shark in the water, highlighting the natural behavior of these marine creatures."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is seen swimming in the ocean, surrounded by a variety of marine life, including fish and other sea creatures. The person is enjoying their time in the water, and the presence of the fish adds to the overall aquatic atmosphere. This scene captures the beauty and excitement of spending time in the ocean, where one can encounter and interact with various marine species."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a shark swimming in the ocean, with a person nearby. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the ocean, where the shark is swimming, and the presence of the person nearby. The shark is swimming in the water, possibly hunting for food or simply moving through its natural habitat. The person is also present in the scene, possibly observing the shark or participating in an activity related to the shark's presence. The interaction between the shark and the person highlights the importance of understanding and respecting the natural environment and the creatures that inhabit it."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

19:00-20:00: A group of people is riding horses in a field, with one of them holding a camera.
20:00-21:00: The group of people is seen riding horses in a field, with one of them holding a camera.
21:00-22:00: The group of people is seen riding horses in a field, with one of them holding a camera.
22:00-23:00: The group of people is seen riding horses in a field, with one of them holding a camera.
23:00-24:00: The group of people is seen riding horses in a field, with one of them holding a camera.

"These events are captured in a series of stills, with the people riding horses and the camera being held by one of them."",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a location, possibly a ranch or a rural area. They are engaged in various activities, such as riding horses, tending to horses, and interacting with each other. The scene takes place in a natural setting, with the people enjoying their time together while taking care of the horses. This suggests a sense of community and shared interest in horse riding and care, as well as a connection to the outdoors and the rural lifestyle."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is seen riding horses in a field. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include a location in the field, a time period when the group of people is riding horses, and an action of the people riding horses. The event or action captured in the video is likely a recreational activity or a leisurely outing for the group, as they are enjoying their time together while riding horses in the field."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video starts with a man preparing a dough on a table, followed by him placing the dough into a machine. After that, the machine is seen rolling out the dough, and the man is seen working on the dough as it comes out of the machine. The video then shows the dough being cut into pieces, and the man is seen placing the cut dough into a machine. Finally, the dough is placed on a table, and the man is seen working on it."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is working together in a factory or bakery, where they are making doughnuts. The scene shows a man kneading dough on a table, while another person is cutting doughnuts on a cutting board. There are multiple doughnuts on the table, and the workers are actively engaged in the process of making these treats. The presence of multiple doughnuts and the collaborative nature of the work suggest that this is a production line, where the workers are working together to create a large quantity of doughnuts. The factory or bakery setting indicates that this is a commercial environment where doughnuts are being prepared for sale or distribution."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a bakery where a man is making doughnuts. The main spatio-temporal contexts include a bakery workspace with a table and a doughnut-making machine. The doughnut-making process takes place over a period of time, with the man working on the doughnuts and the machine producing the doughnuts. The video captures the entire process, from the initial mixing of the dough to the final stage of the doughnut's creation."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man talking to another man, who is sitting on a bench. The conversation appears to be casual and friendly. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The man sitting on the bench starts talking to the other man.
2. The man sitting on the bench is engaged in a conversation with the other man.
3. The conversation between the two men continues, with the man sitting on the bench actively participating.
4. The man sitting on the bench and the other man continue their conversation, with the man sitting on the bench providing input or responding to the other man's statements.

"The video does not provide any additional context or information about the events or actions occurring outside of the conversation between the two men."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a location, possibly a bar or a social event. They are engaged in various activities, such as talking to each other, drinking, and enjoying the company of others. Some individuals are sitting at tables, while others are standing around, creating a lively atmosphere. The presence of multiple people and their interactions suggest that this is a social gathering where people are sharing conversations, having a good time, and bonding with each other."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man sitting in a room, possibly in a bar, and talking to another man. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the man sitting at a table, the presence of a bottle, and the man talking to another man. The conversation appears to be casual, as the man is sitting at a table and engaging in a conversation with another person. The context suggests that the man might be socializing, sharing a drink, or discussing a topic of mutual interest."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1:00-1:05: The man is standing in a field.
1:06-1:10: The man is walking across the field.
1:11-1:15: The man is running across the field.
1:16-1:20: The man is walking across the field.
1:21-1:25: The man is standing in the field.
1:26-1:30: The man is walking across the field.
1:31-1:35: The man is standing in the field.
1:36-1:40: The man is walking across the field.
1:41-1:45: The man is standing in the field.
1:46-1:50: The man is walking across the field.
1:51-1:55: The man is standing in the field.
1:56-2:00: The man is walking across the field.
2:01-2:05: The man is standing in the field.
2:06-2:10: The man is walking across the field.
2:11-2:15: The man is standing in the field.
2:16-2:20: The man is walking across the field.
2:21-2:25: The man is standing in the field.
2:26-2:30: The man is walking across the field.
2:31-2:35: The man is standing in the field.
2:36-2:40: The man is walking across the field.
2:41-2:45: The man is standing in the field.
2:46-2:50: The man is walking across the field.
2:51-2:55: The man is standing in the field.
2:56-3:00: The man is walking across the field.
3:01-3:05: The man is standing in the field.
3:06-3:10: The man is walking across the field.
3:11-3:15: The man is standing in the field.
3:16-3:20: The man is walking across the field.
3:21-3:25: The man is standing in the field.
3:26-3:30: The man is walking across the field.
3:31-3:35: The man is standing in the field.
3:36-3:40: The man is walking across the field.
3:41-3:45: The man is standing in the field.
3:46-3:50: The man is walking across the field.
3:51-3:55: The man is standing in the field.
3:56-4:00: The man is walking across the field.
4:01-4:05: The man is standing in the field.
4:06-4:10: The man is walking across the field.
4:11-4:15: The man is standing in the field.
4:16-4:20: The man is walking across the field.
4:21-4:25: The man is standing in the field.
4:26-4:30: The man is walking across the field.
4:31-4:35: The man is standing in the field.
4:36-4:40: The man is walking across the field.
4:41-4:45: The man is standing in the field.
4:46-4:50: The man is walking across the field.
4:51-4:55: The man is standing in the field.
4:56-5:00: The man is walking across the field.
5:01-5:05: The man is standing in the field.
5:06-5:10: The man is walking across the field.
5:11-5:15: The man is standing in the field.
5:16-5:20: The man is walking across the field.
"5:21-5:25: The man is standing in the"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man standing on a field, holding a sports ball, and possibly participating in a game. The scene takes place in a park, which is a popular location for outdoor recreational activities. The man is likely engaging in a casual game of sports, such as soccer, with friends or other park visitors. The presence of the sports ball and the open field indicate that the man is enjoying his time outdoors and taking advantage of the available space for physical activities."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,2,['park']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""In the video, a man is standing on a field with a soccer ball. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the field, the man, and the soccer ball. The man is holding the soccer ball, which suggests that he is either playing or preparing to play soccer. The field provides the space for the game, and the presence of the soccer ball indicates that the man is engaged in a soccer-related activity. The time of the video is not explicitly provided, but it can be inferred that the man is either in the process of playing or has just finished playing soccer."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. A person is sitting in front of a camera, and the video begins.
2. The person starts talking to the camera, and the video continues.
3. The person is seen sitting on a couch, and the video continues.
4. The person is seen sitting on a chair, and the video continues.
5. The person is seen sitting on a bed, and the video continues.

"The video captures the person's movements and interactions with the camera, providing a glimpse into their daily life or activities."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a woman is sitting in a room, possibly in a living room, and appears to be engaged in a conversation with someone. She is also holding a cell phone in her hand, which suggests that she might be using it for communication or browsing the internet. The room appears to be a typical living room setting, with furniture and possibly other household items. The events occurring in the location include the woman engaging in a conversation, using her cell phone, and possibly interacting with the room's environment."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a woman sitting in a room, possibly in her living room, and talking to someone on a video call. The spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the woman's living room, which is the main setting for the conversation. The video also captures the time when the woman is sitting down and talking to the person on the call, which indicates that the conversation is taking place in the present. The video does not provide any additional information about the specific location or time outside of the living room setting."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a person standing in a room, possibly a dance studio.
2. The person starts dancing, and the camera captures the dance moves.
3. The person continues to dance, and the camera follows their movements.
4. The person stops dancing and starts talking to the camera.
5. The person begins to dance again, and the camera captures their dance moves.
6. The person stops dancing and starts talking to the camera once more.
7. The video ends with the person standing in the room.

"The video captures the person's dance moves and their interactions with the camera, showcasing their dancing skills and engaging with the audience."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a dance studio, where they are engaged in various activities. Some individuals are standing, while others are sitting on the floor. They are all wearing exercise clothes, which suggests that they are participating in a fitness or dance class. The group appears to be having fun and enjoying themselves as they practice their moves and dance routines. The atmosphere in the studio is lively and energetic, with people socializing and supporting each other in their shared interest in dance or fitness."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a gym, with a group of people engaged in various activities. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the gym area, where the group is gathered, and the time duration of the video, which is approximately 10 minutes. The group is seen dancing, exercising, and socializing together, suggesting that they are participating in a group fitness class or a casual gathering at the gym. The video captures the interactions and activities of the group members, showcasing their engagement and enjoyment of the gym environment."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:"

1. The video begins with a man riding a horse in an arena, and the horse is walking around.
2. The man is seen riding the horse around the arena, possibly performing a trick or maneuver.
3. The man dismounts the horse and walks away from it, leaving the horse in the arena.
4. The horse continues to walk around the arena, possibly exploring its surroundings or waiting for the man to return.
"5. The video ends with the horse walking around the arena, with the man nowhere to be seen."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a large crowd of people is gathered in a stadium, likely attending a rodeo event. The event appears to be a bull riding competition, as a man is seen riding a bull in the arena. The crowd is engaged and cheering for the bull rider, creating an exciting atmosphere. The presence of a large crowd and the bull riding competition suggest that this event is a popular and entertaining attraction for the attendees."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a large arena, where a man is riding a horse. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the arena, the time when the man is riding the horse, and the audience watching the event. The event appears to be a horse riding competition or show, as the man is skillfully riding the horse in front of an audience. The time when the man is riding the horse is not explicitly provided, but it is clear that he is actively participating in the event."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a group of people dressed in white, walking down a street.
2. At approximately 0:05, a person in the group starts to dance.
3. At approximately 0:10, another person in the group starts to dance as well.
4. At approximately 0:15, the person who started dancing earlier continues to dance.
5. At approximately 0:20, the person who started dancing at 0:10 also starts to dance.
6. At approximately 0:25, the person who started dancing at 0:15 joins the dancing group.
7. The group of people continues to dance down the street, with more people joining in.

"The video captures a spontaneous and joyful moment where a group of people, dressed in white, are dancing together on a street. The video highlights the sense of community and shared enjoyment among the participants."",0,1,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a large group of people gathered in a public area, likely a city street. They are dressed in matching outfits, which suggests that they might be part of a performance, a special event, or a group activity. The group is walking down the street, possibly participating in a parade or a promotional event. The presence of multiple people and the coordinated outfits indicate that this gathering is organized and planned, with the intention of creating a visually appealing and cohesive display for the audience."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a large group of people performing a synchronized dance on a city street. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the street, the city, and the time when the dance is taking place. The event is likely a public performance or a celebration, as the group of people is dressed in matching outfits and performing a choreographed routine. The street serves as the venue for the performance, and the city provides the backdrop for the event. The time of the performance is not explicitly stated, but it can be inferred that it is during the day, as the street is well-lit and the group is visible to the public."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The man is seen walking into the gym, carrying a dumbbell.
2. He approaches a weight rack and places the dumbbell on the rack.
3. He picks up a barbell and starts to walk towards the weight rack.
4. He places the barbell on the rack next to the dumbbell.
5. He walks away from the weight rack, leaving the barbell and dumbbell on the rack.

"These events show the man's actions in the gym, indicating that he is likely preparing to lift weights or engage in some form of strength training."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a man is seen working out in a gym, specifically focusing on his upper body strength. He is using a barbell and a weight bench to perform various exercises. The man is also seen holding a dumbbell, which he uses to perform additional exercises. The gym is filled with various equipment, such as a weight rack, a bench, and a barbell. The man is actively engaged in his workout, demonstrating his dedication to improving his physical fitness. The gym setting provides a space for individuals to practice and develop their strength, endurance, and overall health."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man performing a workout in a gym, focusing on his upper body. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the gym setting, the man's actions, and the time it takes for him to complete the workout. The man is lifting a barbell, which is a piece of equipment commonly used in gyms for strength training. He is also using a weight and a barbell to perform the workout. The video captures the man's movements and progress throughout the workout, highlighting his efforts and the intensity of the exercise."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video begins with a close-up of a woman standing in a living room.
2. The woman starts to play a video game using a Wii remote.
3. She is seen playing the game and possibly interacting with the game controller.
4. The woman is seen sitting on a couch, possibly taking a break from playing the game.
5. The video ends with the woman standing in the living room.

"The timeline captures the woman's engagement with the video game and her movement within the living room during the gameplay."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a woman is seen in a living room, sitting on a couch, and playing a game on her Nintendo Wii. She is holding a Wii remote and appears to be actively engaged in the game. The living room is filled with furniture, including a couch, a chair, and a piano. The overall atmosphere of the scene is relaxed and leisurely, as the woman enjoys her gaming experience in the comfort of her home."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are a living room and a kitchen. The video shows a woman performing a dance in the living room, while a man is playing the piano in the background. The woman is wearing a pink shirt and a black skirt, and she is holding a hula hoop. The scene takes place in the living room, which is a common area in a home where people gather for various activities. The kitchen is also visible in the background, suggesting that the woman might have been performing the dance in the living room while preparing a meal or engaging in other kitchen-related activities. This combination of activities within the same space highlights the dynamic nature of home life and the various activities that can take place within a single room."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1:00-1:05: A man is sitting in a boat on a lake, holding a cell phone.
1:05-1:10: The man is talking on the cell phone, possibly discussing something with someone else.
1:10-1:15: The man is seen holding the cell phone to his ear, possibly listening to a call or a message.
1:15-1:20: The man is seen looking at the cell phone, possibly checking messages or browsing the internet.
1:20-1:25: The man is seen holding the cell phone, possibly taking a picture or recording a video.
1:25-1:30: The man is seen sitting in the boat, holding the cell phone, and possibly looking at the screen or taking a selfie.

"These events showcase the man's engagement with the cell phone while he is on the boat, suggesting that he might be using it for various purposes such as communication, entertainment, or capturing memories."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a man is seen paddling a canoe on a lake. He is navigating through the water, enjoying the serene environment. At the same time, there is a bird flying nearby, adding a sense of natural beauty to the scene. The man's canoe is also accompanied by a dog, which is either in the canoe with him or nearby, providing companionship during the outdoor activity. This combination of activities and elements creates a peaceful and picturesque setting, showcasing the man's enjoyment of the lake and the natural surroundings."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man and a woman in a boat on a lake, with the woman sitting in the front and the man in the back. The scene takes place at a specific time, with the woman sitting in the boat at 1:30 PM, and the man standing up at 2:00 PM. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the boat on the lake, the time of day, and the actions of the man and the woman. The video captures a moment of leisure and relaxation, as the couple enjoys their time on the boat in the lake."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:"

1. A woman is seen standing in a field, holding a hula hoop.
2. She starts to spin the hula hoop on her finger.
3. She continues to spin the hula hoop, and it appears to be spinning faster and faster.
4. The hula hoop eventually breaks apart, and the woman is left holding a broken hoop.
5. The woman then throws the broken hoop into the air.

"These events occur in a continuous sequence, with the woman actively engaged in spinning the hula hoop and then dealing with the broken hoop."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a woman standing in a grassy field, holding a hula hoop. She is wearing a green shirt and appears to be enjoying herself. The scene takes place in a rural area, which suggests a more natural and peaceful environment. The woman is likely participating in a recreational activity or practicing her hula hoop skills in the open space. The combination of the woman's enjoyment and the rural setting creates a pleasant and relaxing atmosphere in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a woman standing in a grassy field, holding a hula hoop. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the grassy field, which represents an outdoor setting, and the time when the woman is holding the hula hoop, which suggests that she is engaged in an activity or exercise. The woman is likely participating in a hula hoop workout, possibly as part of a fitness routine or for fun. The presence of the grassy field and the hula hoop indicate that the video captures a leisurely outdoor activity that combines physical exercise with enjoyment of the natural environment."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. The video begins with a man standing in a ring, possibly preparing to engage in a wrestling match or a similar physical activity.
2. A few seconds later, another man enters the ring, and they start to wrestle with each other.
3. The two men continue to grapple and exchange blows, with one of them attempting to throw the other out of the ring.
4. The man who is trying to throw his opponent out of the ring is eventually successful, and the opponent falls to the ground.
5. The man who has been thrown out of the ring gets up and starts to walk away.

"The video captures the intense physical interaction between the two men, showcasing their strength, agility, and determination as they engage in the wrestling match or similar activity."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a wrestling event taking place in a large room, with a crowd of people watching the match. The wrestlers are actively engaging in the match, with one wrestler attempting to throw the other wrestler to the ground. The event is intense and exciting, with the crowd cheering and supporting their favorite wrestlers. The wrestling ring is also present in the scene, indicating that this is a professional wrestling event."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man and a woman engaged in a wrestling match in a gym. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the gym setting, the time of the match, and the wrestling action between the two participants. The wrestling match takes place in the gym, which is a designated area for such activities. The start and end timestamps of the match are not provided, but the video captures the wrestling action between the two individuals, showcasing their skills and the intensity of the match."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a person's face, and the person is talking to the camera.
2. The person then walks into a room and starts talking to someone else.
3. The person in the room is sitting down, and the person talking to the camera is standing.
4. The person talking to the camera then walks away from the camera.
5. The person in the room is sitting down again, and the person talking to the camera is standing in the background.
6. The person talking to the camera then walks away from the camera.
"7. The video ends with the person talking to the camera walking away from the room."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a gym, where a group of people are engaged in various activities. Some individuals are playing basketball, while others are practicing their moves and exercising. There are also people walking around, likely taking a break or preparing for their next activity. The gym is a large and open space with a basketball court, which is a common area for sports and fitness activities. The video captures the dynamic nature of the gym, showcasing the diverse range of activities and people who come together to stay active and healthy."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a basketball court where a group of people are playing basketball. The main spatio-temporal contexts include the basketball court, which is a rectangular surface with a net, and the players, who are actively engaged in the game. The video captures the players' movements and interactions, such as passing the ball, shooting, and dribbling. The time frame of the video is not explicitly provided, but it is likely that the game is in progress, with the players actively participating in the game."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

0:00 - 0:02: The video begins with a close-up of a plate of cookies.

0:03 - 0:05: A person is seen taking a cookie from the plate.

0:06 - 0:08: The person is seen eating the cookie.

0:09 - 0:11: The person is seen taking another cookie from the plate.

0:12 - 0:14: The person is seen eating the second cookie.

0:15 - 0:17: The person is seen taking a third cookie from the plate.

0:18 - 0:20: The person is seen eating the third cookie.

0:21 - 0:23: The person is seen taking a fourth cookie from the plate.

0:24 - 0:26: The person is seen eating the fourth cookie.

0:27 - 0:29: The person is seen taking a fifth cookie from the plate.

0:30 - 0:32: The person is seen eating the fifth cookie.

0:33 - 0:35: The person is seen taking a sixth cookie from the plate.

0:36 - 0:38: The person is seen eating the sixth cookie.

0:39 - 0:41: The person is seen taking a seventh cookie from the plate.

0:42 - 0:44: The person is seen eating the seventh cookie.

0:45 - 0:47: The person is seen taking an eighth cookie from the plate.

0:48 - 0:50: The person is seen eating the eighth cookie.

0:51 - 0:53: The person is seen taking a ninth cookie from the plate.

0:54 - 0:56: The person is seen eating the ninth cookie.

0:57 - 0:59: The person is seen taking a tenth cookie from the plate.

1:00 - 1:02: The person is seen eating the tenth cookie.

1:03 - 1:05: The person is seen taking a final cookie from the plate.

1:06 - 1:08: The person is seen eating the final cookie.

1:09 - 1:11: The person is seen putting the plate of cookies on the table.

1:12 - 1:14: The person is seen looking at the plate of cookies.

1:15 - 1:17: The person is seen looking at the camera.

1:18 - 1:20: The person is seen looking at the camera again.

1:21 - 1:23: The person is seen looking at the camera for a third time.

1:24 - 1:26: The person is seen looking at the camera for a fourth time.

1:27 - 1:29: The person is seen looking at the camera for a fifth time.

1:30 - 1:32: The person is seen looking at the camera for a sixth time.

1:33 - 1:35: The person is seen looking at the camera for a seventh time.

1:36 - 1:38: The person is seen looking at the camera for an eighth time.

1:39 - 1:41: The person is seen looking at the camera for a ninth time.

1:42 - 1:44: The person is seen looking at the camera for a tenth time.

1:45 - 1:47: The person is seen looking at the camera for an eleventh time.

1:48 - 1:50: The person is seen looking at the camera for a twelfth time.

1:51 - 1:53: The person is seen looking at the camera for a thirteenth time.

1:54 - 1:56: The person is seen looking at the camera for a fourteenth time.

"1:57 - 2:00: The person is seen looking at the camera for a final time."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is seen in a kitchen, preparing food on a counter. The kitchen appears to be a small and cluttered space, with various items such as a bowl, a knife, and a spoon scattered around. The person is cutting ingredients and placing them in a bowl, which suggests that they are preparing a meal. The presence of a clock in the background indicates that the person might be working on a time-sensitive task, such as cooking for a specific event or meal. The overall atmosphere of the video is focused on food preparation and organization in a small kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person preparing a cake in a kitchen. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the kitchen, where the person is mixing the cake batter, and the time, which is indicated by the presence of a clock in the scene. The person is actively engaged in the process of making the cake, which involves mixing the ingredients and possibly adding decorations or other elements to the cake. The video captures a moment in time where the person is in the middle of preparing the cake, showcasing the process and the environment in which it takes place."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man walking down a street with a dog on a leash. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The man starts walking down the street with his dog on a leash.
2. The dog starts to pull the leash, causing the man to walk faster.
3. The man continues to walk down the street, maintaining control over the dog's movements.
4. The man and the dog reach the end of the street, and the man turns around to continue walking.
5. The man and the dog continue walking down the street, with the dog still pulling the leash.

"These events showcase the man's ability to manage the dog's behavior and maintain control over the leash, ensuring a safe and enjoyable walk for both the man and the dog."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a public area, likely a street or a park. They are engaged in various activities, such as walking, standing, and socializing with each other. Some individuals are also seen sitting on the ground, while others are walking their dogs. The scene captures a lively and bustling atmosphere, with people enjoying their time together in the outdoor setting."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['park']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man walking down a street with a dog on a leash. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the street location and the time when the man and the dog are walking together. The exact start and end timestamps are not provided, but the video captures a moment where the man is walking with the dog, possibly engaging in a walk or outdoor activity together."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

- 0:00-0:03: The video begins with a close-up of the woman's face.
- 0:04-0:07: The woman is seen walking around in a room, possibly in a gym or a dance studio.
- 0:08-0:10: She is seen doing a dance move, possibly a kick, in the room.
- 0:11-0:14: The woman is seen walking around the room, possibly in a gym or a dance studio.
- 0:15-0:17: She is seen doing a dance move, possibly a kick, in the room.
- 0:18-0:20: The woman is seen walking around the room, possibly in a gym or a dance studio.
- 0:21-0:23: She is seen doing a dance move, possibly a kick, in the room.
"- 0:24-0:25: The video ends with the woman walking around the room."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a woman is seen performing a dance routine in a gym. She is wearing a yellow shirt and black pants, and she is standing on a wooden floor. The woman is moving her arms and legs, showcasing her dance moves. The gym setting suggests that she might be practicing or performing her dance routine for an audience or as part of a performance. The presence of the gym floor indicates that the location is designed for physical activities and exercise, which is suitable for practicing dance routines."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a woman performing a dance routine in a gym, likely a boxing gym. The spatio-temporal contexts highlighted in the video include the gym's interior, which features a boxing ring and a wooden floor. The woman is wearing a yellow shirt and black pants, and she is performing the dance routine in front of the ring. The video captures the woman's movements and the gym environment, showcasing her dance skills and the setting in which she is practicing."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man with a beard who is sitting in front of a camera. He is looking at the camera and appears to be engaged in a conversation. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The man starts the video by looking at the camera.
2. He continues to look at the camera, possibly engaged in a conversation.
"3. The video ends with the man still looking at the camera."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a man is sitting in a room and talking on a cell phone. He is also looking at the camera, possibly engaging in a video call. The man's facial expression suggests that he might be engaged in a conversation or discussing something important. The scene takes place in a living room, which is a common setting for personal conversations and relaxation. The presence of a cell phone indicates that the man is likely communicating with someone outside the room or sharing information with the person in the room."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man sitting in front of a camera, with a clock visible in the background. The man is wearing glasses and appears to be looking at the camera. The video is set in a living room, with the man sitting on a couch. The time displayed on the clock is 12:20. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the man's location (living room), the time (12:20), and the man's action (looking at the camera)."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man sitting in front of a camera, wearing a suit and tie. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The man is sitting in a chair, wearing a suit and tie.
2. He is talking to the camera, possibly discussing a business or personal matter.
3. The man is seen looking at the camera, possibly engaging in a conversation or presentation.
4. He is sitting in the chair, wearing a suit and tie, and appears to be in a relaxed posture.
"5. The video ends with the man sitting in the chair, wearing a suit and tie."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a man is seen sitting in a room with a large number of pictures on the walls. He is wearing a suit and tie, and he appears to be engaged in a conversation with someone. The room is filled with various objects, such as a chair, a table, and a book. The man is also holding a cell phone. The scene suggests that the man is in a professional setting, possibly a business meeting or a formal event, where he is using his phone for communication or reference purposes. The presence of the pictures on the walls might indicate that the room is a personal or professional space, possibly a home office or a conference room."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a room, likely a hotel room, with a man sitting in front of a camera. The man is wearing a suit and tie, and he is holding a cell phone. The video is dated from 2019, and the man is engaged in a conversation with someone, possibly a friend or colleague, using the cell phone. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the hotel room, the man's attire, and the cell phone conversation, which suggests that the man is either traveling or staying in the hotel room for a particular purpose."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. A woman is seen playing a game on a Nintendo Wii, holding a Wii remote in her hand.
2. A man is seen holding a Wii remote, possibly playing a game or assisting the woman.
3. The man and woman are seen playing a game together, with the woman holding a Wii remote and the man holding a Wii controller.
4. The man is seen holding a Wii controller, and the woman is holding a Wii remote.
5. The man and woman are seen playing a game, with the woman holding a Wii remote and the man holding a Wii controller.

"These events occur in a continuous sequence, showcasing the interaction between the man and woman as they engage in a Wii game together."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a location, likely a gym or a sports facility, where they are playing a game involving a table with a box on it. The participants are actively engaged in the game, with some of them holding the box and others trying to lift it. The atmosphere appears to be competitive and fun, as the players are enjoying themselves and trying to outperform each other. The presence of a referee suggests that the game might be a part of a larger event or tournament, adding an element of competition and excitement to the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people playing a game of tic-tac-toe on a table. The main spatio-temporal contexts include a room, a table, and a group of people. The game is taking place at a specific time, as indicated by the presence of a clock in the scene. The players are actively engaged in the game, with one person holding a tic-tac-toe board and another person watching the game. The group of people is gathered around the table, enjoying the game and interacting with each other."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. 0:00-0:03: The video begins with a close-up of a bowl of noodles.
2. 0:03-0:06: The camera zooms out to show the entire bowl of noodles.
3. 0:06-0:08: The camera zooms in on the noodles, focusing on a single noodle.
4. 0:08-0:10: The camera zooms out to show the entire bowl of noodles again.
5. 0:10-0:12: The camera zooms in on the noodles, focusing on a single noodle.
6. 0:12-0:14: The camera zooms out to show the entire bowl of noodles.
7. 0:14-0:16: The camera zooms in on the noodles, focusing on a single noodle.
8. 0:16-0:18: The camera zooms out to show the entire bowl of noodles.
9. 0:18-0:20: The camera zooms in on the noodles, focusing on a single noodle.
10. 0:20-0:22: The camera zooms out to show the entire bowl of noodles.
11. 0:22-0:24: The camera zooms in on the noodles, focusing on a single noodle.
12. 0:24-0:26: The camera zooms out to show the entire bowl of noodles.
13. 0:26-0:28: The camera zooms in on the noodles, focusing on a single noodle.
14. 0:28-0:30: The camera zooms out to show the entire bowl of noodles.
15. 0:30-0:32: The camera zooms in on the noodles, focusing on a single noodle.
16. 0:32-0:34: The camera zooms out to show the entire bowl of noodles.
17. 0:34-0:36: The camera zooms in on the noodles, focusing on a single noodle.
18. 0:36-0:38: The camera zooms out to show the entire bowl of noodles.
19. 0:38-0:40: The camera zooms in on the noodles, focusing on a single noodle.
20. 0:40-0:42: The camera zooms out to show the entire bowl of noodles.
21. 0:42-0:44: The camera zooms in on the noodles, focusing on a single noodle.
22. 0:44-0:46: The camera zooms out to show the entire bowl of noodles.
23. 0:46-0:48: The camera zooms in on the noodles, focusing on a single noodle.
24. 0:48-0:50: The camera zooms out to show the entire bowl of noodles.
25. 0:50-0:52: The camera zooms in on the noodles, focusing on a single noodle.
26. 0:52-0:54: The camera zooms out to show the entire bowl of noodles.
27. 0:54-0:56: The camera zooms in on the noodles, focusing on a single noodle.
28. 0:56-0:58: The camera zooms out to show the entire bowl of noodles.
29. 0:58-1:00: The camera zooms in on the noodles, focusing on a single noodle.
30. 1:00-1:02: The camera zooms out to show the entire bowl of noodles.
"31. 1:02-1:04: The camera zooms in on the noodles, focusing on a"",0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is seen in a kitchen, preparing food. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped with various appliances, such as a microwave, oven, and sink. The person is using a microwave to heat up some food, which suggests that they might be cooking or reheating a meal. The kitchen is filled with various items, including cups and bowls, which are commonly used for food preparation and storage. The person is also seen using a spoon to stir the food in the microwave, indicating that they are actively engaged in the cooking process. Overall, the video captures a typical kitchen scene where someone is preparing a meal using a microwave."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,4,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person preparing a dish in a kitchen, with the dish being placed on a cutting board. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the kitchen area and the time it takes to prepare the dish. The person is actively engaged in the process of chopping ingredients, which suggests that they are following a recipe or preparing a meal. The video captures a moment in time where the person is in the middle of cooking, and it conveys the importance of food preparation and the role that kitchens play in our daily lives."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a person sitting on a bed.
2. The person starts talking, and the camera captures their face and body language.
3. The person is sitting on the bed and talking, and the camera captures their face and body language.
4. The person is sitting on the bed and talking, and the camera captures their face and body language.
5. The person is sitting on the bed and talking, and the camera captures their face and body language.
6. The person is sitting on the bed and talking, and the camera captures their face and body language.
7. The person is sitting on the bed and talking, and the camera captures their face and body language.
8. The person is sitting on the bed and talking, and the camera captures their face and body language.
9. The person is sitting on the bed and talking, and the camera captures their face and body language.
10. The person is sitting on the bed and talking, and the camera captures their face and body language.

"These events occur throughout the video, with the person talking and the camera capturing their face and body language."",1,1,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a woman is sitting on the floor in a room, possibly in a living room or a bedroom. She is holding a cell phone and appears to be engaged in a video call. The scene takes place in a residential setting, where the woman is likely interacting with friends, family, or colleagues. The presence of the cell phone suggests that she is using it for communication, sharing information, or participating in a virtual event. The overall atmosphere of the video is casual and personal, as the woman is in a comfortable environment, surrounded by her belongings."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are a bathroom and a bedroom. The video is set in the bathroom, where a woman is sitting on the toilet. The scene is described as taking place in the past, and the woman is seen sitting on the toilet with a towel on her head. The video also includes a bedroom, where the woman is sitting on a bed. The scene is described as taking place in the past, and the woman is seen sitting on the bed with a towel on her head. These two locations are separated by a time gap, suggesting that the woman has transitioned from the bathroom to the bedroom."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person sitting in a room, possibly in a chair, and holding a cell phone. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

- The person starts using the cell phone at 0:00.
- They continue using the cell phone for an undetermined amount of time, possibly browsing the internet, making calls, or engaging in other activities.
- At 0:30, the person stops using the cell phone and looks at the camera.
"- The video ends at 0:31."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a group of people is gathered in a room, possibly a living room or a small gathering space. They are engaged in various activities, such as sitting, standing, and talking to each other. Some individuals are holding cell phones, which suggests that they might be using them for communication, entertainment, or sharing information with others in the group. The atmosphere appears to be casual and friendly, with people enjoying each other's company and participating in conversations. The room appears to be well-lit, creating a comfortable environment for the group to interact and spend time together."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a living room, with a person sitting on a couch. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the time period between 11:30 AM and 12:30 PM, and the event of the person sitting on the couch. The person is likely engaged in a relaxed activity, such as watching television or having a conversation with someone else in the room. The video captures a moment of leisure and everyday life in the living room setting."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a kitchen counter.
2. At 0:08, a person's hand is seen holding a knife.
3. At 0:13, the person is seen cutting something on the kitchen counter.
4. At 0:20, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
5. At 0:27, the person is seen cutting a vegetable.
6. At 0:34, the person is seen cutting a piece of meat.
7. At 0:41, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
8. At 0:48, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
9. At 0:55, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
10. At 1:02, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
11. At 1:09, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
12. At 1:16, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
13. At 1:23, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
14. At 1:30, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
15. At 1:37, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
16. At 1:44, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
17. At 1:51, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
18. At 1:58, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
19. At 2:05, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
20. At 2:12, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
21. At 2:19, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
22. At 2:26, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
23. At 2:33, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
24. At 2:40, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
25. At 2:47, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
26. At 2:54, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
27. At 3:01, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
28. At 3:08, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
29. At 3:15, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
30. At 3:22, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
31. At 3:29, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
32. At 3:36, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
33. At 3:43, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
34. At 3:50, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
35. At 3:57, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
36. At 4:04, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
37. At 4:11, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
38. At 4:18, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
39. At 4:25, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
40. At 4:32, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
41. At 4:39, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
42. At 4:46, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
43. At 4:53, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
44. At 5:00, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
45. At 5:07, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
46. At 5:14, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
47. At 5:21, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
48. At 5:28, the person is seen cutting a piece of food.
"49. At 5:"",0,1,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person in a kitchen, preparing a meal. They are using various kitchen tools, such as a knife, a spoon, and a bowl. The person is also placing a cutting board on the counter. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped with various appliances and utensils, suggesting that it is a functional and comfortable space for cooking and food preparation. The person's actions in the kitchen indicate that they are engaged in a cooking task, which could involve chopping ingredients, mixing ingredients, or assembling a dish."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,4,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person using a kitchen counter to prepare food. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the kitchen counter, which is where the person is standing and preparing the food. The time frame of the video is from 0:00 to 0:03, which indicates that the person is in the initial stages of preparing the food. The person is likely using the counter to cut or chop ingredients, as they are using a knife in the video. The kitchen counter serves as a functional and essential part of the cooking process, providing a stable and stable surface for food preparation."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's hand holding a cell phone.
2. The person starts to talk into the cell phone, possibly engaging in a conversation or providing instructions.
3. The person then moves the cell phone away from the camera, possibly to show the screen or to end the call.
4. The camera then zooms in on the cell phone, focusing on the screen.
5. The person picks up the cell phone again, possibly to continue the conversation or to access an app.
6. The person then moves the cell phone away from the camera once more.
"7. The video ends with the person holding the cell phone."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person sitting at a table in a kitchen, holding a cell phone. They are likely engaged in a conversation or browsing the internet. The kitchen setting suggests that the person might be multitasking, perhaps preparing a meal or snack while using their phone. The presence of a cup on the table indicates that the person might be enjoying a beverage during their activity. The overall scene captures a common scenario where people use their phones for various purposes while being in a kitchen environment."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with a person standing at a counter. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the kitchen counter, the person standing at it, and the time when the person is standing there. The video does not provide any specific information about the events or actions taking place in the kitchen."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's hand holding a cell phone.
2. The person is then seen sitting at a table, and the cell phone is placed on the table.
3. The person picks up the cell phone and starts using it, possibly engaging in a video call or browsing the internet.
4. The person then places the cell phone back on the table.
"5. The video ends with the person's hand holding the cell phone."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person standing in a kitchen, holding a bottle, and possibly preparing a meal. The kitchen appears to be small and cluttered, with various items such as a sink, a cup, and a spoon. The person is also seen talking on a cell phone, which suggests that they might be multitasking or communicating with someone while preparing the meal. The overall atmosphere of the scene is casual and focused on daily activities, such as cooking and communication."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person sitting at a table in a room, possibly a kitchen. The person is holding a cell phone and appears to be engaged in a video call. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the person's location (sitting at a table), the time (during a video call), and the activity (using a cell phone). The person is likely using the cell phone to communicate with someone else, either in person or remotely, and the video call serves as a visual representation of this interaction."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:"

0:00-0:05: The video begins with a close-up of a person's hand holding a spoon.

0:06-0:10: The person is seen stirring a pot on the stove.

0:11-0:15: The person is seen washing dishes in the sink.

0:16-0:20: The person is seen wiping a counter.

0:21-0:25: The person is seen drying a dish.

0:26-0:30: The person is seen putting away dishes in a cabinet.

0:31-0:35: The person is seen washing a dish in the sink.

0:36-0:40: The person is seen drying a dish.

0:41-0:45: The person is seen putting away dishes in a cabinet.

0:46-0:50: The person is seen wiping a counter.

0:51-0:55: The person is seen drying a dish.

0:56-1:00: The person is seen putting away dishes in a cabinet.

1:01-1:05: The person is seen washing a dish in the sink.

1:06-1:10: The person is seen drying a dish.

1:11-1:15: The person is seen putting away dishes in a cabinet.

1:16-1:20: The person is seen wiping a counter.

1:21-1:25: The person is seen drying a dish.

1:26-1:30: The person is seen putting away dishes in a cabinet.

1:31-1:35: The person is seen washing a dish in the sink.

1:36-1:40: The person is seen drying a dish.

1:41-1:45: The person is seen putting away dishes in a cabinet.

1:46-1:50: The person is seen wiping a counter.

1:51-1:55: The person is seen drying a dish.

1:56-2:00: The person is seen putting away dishes in a cabinet.

2:01-2:05: The person is seen washing a dish in the sink.

2:06-2:10: The person is seen drying a dish.

2:11-2:15: The person is seen putting away dishes in a cabinet.

2:16-2:20: The person is seen wiping a counter.

2:21-2:25: The person is seen drying a dish.

2:26-2:30: The person is seen putting away dishes in a cabinet.

2:31-2:35: The person is seen washing a dish in the sink.

2:36-2:40: The person is seen drying a dish.

2:41-2:45: The person is seen putting away dishes in a cabinet.

2:46-2:50: The person is seen wiping a counter.

2:51-2:55: The person is seen drying a dish.

2:56-3:00: The person is seen putting away dishes in a cabinet.

3:01-3:05: The person is seen washing a dish in the sink.

3:06-3:10: The person is seen drying a dish.

3:11-3:15: The person is seen putting away dishes in a cabinet.

3:16-3:20: The person is seen wiping a counter.

3:21-3:25: The person is seen drying a dish.

3:26-3:30: The person is seen putting away dishes in a cabinet.

3:31-3:35: The person is seen washing a dish in the sink.

"3"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person in a kitchen, preparing food. The person is using a spoon to stir a pot on the stove. Additionally, there is a sink with a dishwasher nearby, which suggests that the kitchen is equipped for cleaning and maintaining hygiene. The presence of a dining table and chairs in the background indicates that the kitchen is also used for dining and socializing. Overall, the scene depicts a functional and well-equipped kitchen where the person is engaged in cooking and maintaining cleanliness."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,4,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with a person standing at a counter. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the kitchen counter and the time period between 10:00 and 10:20. The person is seen washing dishes, which suggests that they are engaged in a routine kitchen task. The exact event or action that the person is performing cannot be determined from the video alone, but it is clear that they are in the kitchen and actively involved in some activity."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,4,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:"

1. 0:00-0:02: The video begins with a close-up of a person's hand holding a knife.
2. 0:03-0:05: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
3. 0:06-0:08: The person then uses the knife to cut a piece of food on a cutting board.
4. 0:09-0:11: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
5. 0:12-0:14: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
6. 0:15-0:17: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
7. 0:18-0:20: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
8. 0:21-0:23: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
9. 0:24-0:26: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
10. 0:27-0:29: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
11. 0:30-0:32: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
12. 0:33-0:35: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
13. 0:36-0:38: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
14. 0:39-0:41: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
15. 0:42-0:44: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
16. 0:45-0:47: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
17. 0:48-0:50: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
18. 0:51-0:53: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
19. 0:54-0:56: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
20. 0:57-0:59: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
21. 1:00-1:02: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
22. 1:03-1:05: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
23. 1:06-1:08: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
24. 1:09-1:11: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
25. 1:12-1:14: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
26. 1:15-1:17: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
27. 1:18-1:20: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
28. 1:21-1:23: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
29. 1:24-1:26: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
30. 1:27-1:29: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
31. 1:30-1:32: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
32. 1:33-1:35: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
33. 1:36-1:38: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
34. 1:39-1:41: The person then cuts a piece of food with the knife.
"35. 1:42-1:44: The person then cuts a"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person in a kitchen, preparing food. They are using various kitchen tools and appliances, such as a knife, a spoon, a bowl, and a microwave. The person is also seen opening a cupboard and placing items inside. The scene takes place in a kitchen, which is a common location for cooking and food preparation. The person's actions suggest that they are engaged in a cooking or baking activity, possibly preparing a meal or a dessert."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person using a kitchen counter to prepare food. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the kitchen counter, the time of day, and the person's actions. The kitchen counter is a specific location where the person is working on their food preparation. The time of day is not explicitly stated, but it can be inferred that it is during the daytime, as the person is using the kitchen counter. The person's actions include using the kitchen counter to prepare food, which could involve various tasks such as chopping, mixing, or cooking."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,5,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:"

1. 0:00-0:05: The user is seen opening a refrigerator and taking out a bottle.
2. 0:05-0:10: The user is seen pouring a drink from the bottle into a glass.
3. 0:10-0:15: The user is seen placing the glass on a counter.
4. 0:15-0:20: The user is seen taking a picture of the glass on the counter.
5. 0:20-0:25: The user is seen placing the glass on a table.
6. 0:25-0:30: The user is seen taking a picture of the glass on the table.

"These actions suggest that the user is likely preparing a drink, capturing the moment with a photo, and possibly documenting the process for personal or social media purposes."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is seen in a kitchen, preparing food. The kitchen is filled with various items, including a microwave, a cup, and a bowl. The person is also using a knife to cut something. This scene represents a typical home cooking scenario where someone is preparing a meal using kitchen appliances and utensils. The presence of the microwave and the knife suggests that the person is likely following a recipe or cooking a dish that requires heating or cutting ingredients. The overall atmosphere of the kitchen is casual and focused on food preparation."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,4,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person in a kitchen, preparing food and using various kitchen appliances, such as a blender, microwave, and oven. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the kitchen and the time it takes to prepare the food. The person is seen using the blender to blend ingredients, the microwave to heat up food, and the oven to cook the food. The video captures the process of food preparation, showcasing the person's cooking skills and the tools they use to create a meal."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a knife on a cutting board.
2. The knife is then used to cut up some food, which is placed on the cutting board.
3. The knife is then used to cut up more food, and the food is placed on a plate.
4. The video ends with the knife being placed back on the cutting board.

"The timeline shows a continuous process of cutting and placing food on a plate, with the knife being used throughout the process."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a kitchen scene where a person is preparing food. They are using a knife to chop up ingredients on a cutting board. The person is also placing the ingredients into a bowl. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped, with various items such as a sink, oven, and other utensils. The overall atmosphere of the video is focused on food preparation and cooking, showcasing the person's skills and attention to detail in creating a meal."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is using a knife to chop up vegetables on a cutting board in a kitchen. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the kitchen counter, the cutting board, and the knife. The person is actively engaged in the process of chopping vegetables, which suggests that they are preparing a meal or cooking. The presence of the cutting board and knife indicates that the person is using proper kitchen tools for the task. The video captures a moment in time, showcasing the person's actions and the tools they are using in the kitchen."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,4,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

- 0:00-0:05: The video begins with a close-up of a person's hand holding a spatula.
- 0:06-0:10: The person is seen stirring food in a pan on a stove.
- 0:11-0:15: The person is seen stirring the food with a spatula.
- 0:16-0:20: The person is seen stirring the food in a pan on a stove.
- 0:21-0:25: The person is seen stirring the food with a spatula.
- 0:26-0:30: The person is seen stirring the food in a pan on a stove.
- 0:31-0:35: The person is seen stirring the food with a spatula.
- 0:36-0:40: The person is seen stirring the food in a pan on a stove.
- 0:41-0:45: The person is seen stirring the food with a spatula.
- 0:46-0:50: The person is seen stirring the food in a pan on a stove.
- 0:51-0:55: The person is seen stirring the food with a spatula.
- 0:56-1:00: The person is seen stirring the food in a pan on a stove.
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
- 1:56-2:00: The person is seen stirring the food in a pan on a stove.
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
#VALORE!
"- 2:56-3:00: The person is seen stirring the food"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is cooking food on a stove in a kitchen. They are using a spatula to stir the food, which is placed on a pan. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped, with various items such as a knife, a cup, and a bottle visible on the counter. The person is actively engaged in the cooking process, ensuring that the food is properly prepared and cooked. The kitchen is a place where people can prepare and enjoy meals, and the cooking process is an essential part of daily life for many individuals."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is cooking a meal in a kitchen. The main spatio-temporal contexts include the kitchen area, where the person is preparing the food, and the time frame of the cooking process. The person is using a frying pan to cook the food, which suggests that they are following a recipe or preparing a dish that requires frying. The video captures the cooking process from the beginning to the end, showcasing the person's skill and the progression of the meal being prepared."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a sink, and then the camera pans to the dishwasher.
2. The dishwasher is opened, revealing its interior.
3. The camera zooms in on the dishwasher, focusing on the dishes inside.
4. The dishes are loaded into the dishwasher, and the dishwasher door is closed.
5. The dishwasher is turned on, and the dishes inside are cleaned.
6. The dishes are unloaded from the dishwasher, and the dishwasher door is opened.
7. The dishes are removed from the dishwasher, and the dishwasher door is closed.

"These events occur in a continuous sequence, with the camera capturing the various stages of loading, cleaning, and unloading the dishes in the dishwasher."",1,1,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a kitchen where a person is washing dishes. The kitchen appears to be a small and cluttered space, with various items such as a sink, a cup, and a spoon visible in the scene. The person is actively engaged in the task of washing the dishes, which indicates that the kitchen is being used for its intended purpose. The presence of the sink and the dishes being washed suggests that the kitchen is a functional space for food preparation and cleaning."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,4,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person in a kitchen, using a sponge to clean a counter. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the kitchen and the time when the person is cleaning the counter. The person is using the sponge to clean the counter, which indicates that they are engaged in a cleaning activity. The kitchen setting suggests that they are in a residential or commercial space where food preparation and cooking take place. The time when the person is cleaning the counter is not explicitly provided, but it can be inferred that the person is actively participating in the cleaning process at that moment."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. 0:00-0:02: The video starts with a close-up of a person's hand holding a knife.
2. 0:03-0:05: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board.
3. 0:06-0:08: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
4. 0:09-0:11: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
5. 0:12-0:14: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
6. 0:15-0:17: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
7. 0:18-0:20: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
8. 0:21-0:23: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
9. 0:24-0:26: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
10. 0:27-0:29: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
11. 0:30-0:32: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
12. 0:33-0:35: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
13. 0:36-0:38: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
14. 0:39-0:41: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
15. 0:42-0:44: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
16. 0:45-0:47: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
17. 0:48-0:50: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
18. 0:51-0:53: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
19. 0:54-0:56: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
20. 0:57-0:59: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
21. 1:00-1:02: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
22. 1:03-1:05: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
23. 1:06-1:08: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
24. 1:09-1:11: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
25. 1:12-1:14: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
26. 1:15-1:17: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
27. 1:18-1:20: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
28. 1:21-1:23: The person is cutting a piece of food on a cutting board, and the knife is being used.
"29. 1:24-1:26: The"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is seen preparing food in a kitchen, specifically cutting vegetables on a cutting board. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped with various items, such as a sink, a cup, and a bowl. The person is using a knife to cut the vegetables, which suggests that they are following a recipe or preparing a meal. The kitchen setting indicates that the person is likely cooking or preparing food for themselves or others. The presence of the cutting board and the knife implies that the person is engaged in a task that requires precision and attention to detail."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person using a kitchen counter to prepare food. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the kitchen counter, which is located in the kitchen, and the time when the person is using the counter. The person is likely performing a task such as chopping, slicing, or mixing ingredients, which are common activities in the kitchen. The kitchen counter serves as a workspace for the person to carry out these tasks efficiently and effectively."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,5,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a kitchen counter, which has a bowl and a spoon on it.
2. The camera then pans to the left, revealing a stove with a frying pan on it.
3. The camera continues to pan to the left, showing a sink with a spoon in it.
4. The camera then pans to the left, revealing a cup on the counter.
5. The camera then pans to the left, showing a bowl on the counter.
6. The camera pans to the left, revealing a spoon on the counter.
7. The camera then pans to the left, showing a bowl on the counter.
8. The camera pans to the left, revealing a spoon on the counter.
9. The camera then pans to the left, showing a bowl on the counter.
10. The camera pans to the left, revealing a spoon on the counter.

"These actions suggest that the video is capturing various kitchen items and utensils, possibly preparing for cooking or cleaning."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is seen cooking in a kitchen. They are using various kitchen tools, such as a spoon, a knife, and a bowl. The person is also using a stove to heat up the food. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped with essential appliances and utensils, indicating that the person is likely preparing a meal. The cooking process involves mixing ingredients, stirring, and possibly sauting or boiling the food. The overall atmosphere of the video suggests a comfortable and functional kitchen environment for cooking and food preparation."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,4,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a kitchen scene with various objects, including a bowl, a spoon, and a cup. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the kitchen counter and the time it was recorded. The video was recorded at 10:45 am on a Wednesday, which provides a specific time frame for the event. The kitchen counter is the primary location where the objects are placed, and the spoon and bowl are the main objects being used in the scene."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""In the video, the following timeline of salient events or actions occurs:"

1. The camera starts by showing a kitchen counter with a cup on it.
2. The camera then moves to a sink, where a person is washing dishes.
3. The camera then moves to a refrigerator, where the person is taking something out of it.
4. The camera then moves to a cabinet, where the person is putting something away.
5. The camera then moves back to the kitchen counter, where the person is now drying dishes.

"These actions suggest that the person is engaged in various tasks related to cleaning and organizing the kitchen, such as washing dishes, retrieving items from the refrigerator, and putting them away in the cabinet."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is preparing food. They are using various kitchen tools, such as a knife and a spoon, to chop and mix ingredients. The person is also using a microwave to heat up food. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped with various appliances and utensils, indicating that it is a functional and organized space for cooking and food preparation."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with a focus on a white counter. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the kitchen counter, which is the central location, and the time period between 10:10 and 10:20, which is indicated by the clock on the wall. The video shows a person cooking, possibly preparing a meal or performing a specific task on the counter. The kitchen setting and the time period provide a sense of continuity and progression, as the person is actively engaged in an activity within the kitchen during this time frame."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,4,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:"

1. The video begins with a close-up of a person's hand holding a knife.
2. The person then cuts a piece of food using the knife.
3. The video then shows the person cutting a piece of food with a knife.
4. The person then cuts a piece of food with a knife.
"5. The video ends with the person cutting a piece of food with a knife."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a kitchen where a person is preparing food. They are using various kitchen utensils, such as a knife, spoon, and bowl, to chop and mix ingredients. The person is also using a cutting board to cut the ingredients. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped, with multiple items on the countertops and a sink nearby. The overall atmosphere of the kitchen suggests a focus on food preparation and cooking, with the person taking care to ensure that the ingredients are properly chopped and mixed."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,4,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person preparing a meal in a kitchen. The main spatio-temporal contexts include the kitchen counter, the stove, and the sink. The person is using various kitchen tools, such as a knife and a spoon, to prepare the meal. The video captures the process of cooking, which involves using the stove and the sink to prepare ingredients and clean up afterward. The kitchen counter serves as a workspace for the person to place and organize the ingredients and tools during the cooking process."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,4,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:"

1. 0:00-0:05: The user is preparing to cook by placing a pan on the stove.
2. 0:05-0:10: The user adds ingredients to the pan, and the pan is placed on the stove.
3. 0:10-0:15: The user is seen stirring the contents in the pan.
4. 0:15-0:20: The user adds more ingredients to the pan, and the pan is placed back on the stove.
5. 0:20-0:25: The user is seen stirring the contents in the pan once more.
6. 0:25-0:30: The user adds the final ingredient to the pan, and the pan is placed back on the stove.
7. 0:30-0:35: The user is seen stirring the contents in the pan for the last time.
8. 0:35-0:40: The user takes the pan off the stove and places it on the counter.

"These events represent the process of cooking, with the user adding ingredients to the pan, stirring the contents, and eventually taking the pan off the stove."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is seen preparing food in a kitchen. The kitchen is filled with various utensils, such as knives, spoons, and bowls. The person is cutting food on a cutting board, which is placed on a counter. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped, and the person is actively engaged in the process of preparing a meal. The overall atmosphere of the video suggests a focus on cooking and food preparation."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen, with a focus on a cutting board and a knife. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the kitchen and the time when the person is cutting the food. The person is cutting the food on a cutting board, which is placed on a countertop. The video captures a moment in time, with the person actively engaged in the process of preparing the food. This scene could be part of a cooking tutorial, a culinary demonstration, or simply a snapshot of someone enjoying a meal at home."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. 0:00-0:05: The user is preparing food on a cutting board.
2. 0:05-0:10: The user cuts up food on the cutting board.
3. 0:10-0:15: The user is using a knife to cut up food.
4. 0:15-0:20: The user is cutting up food on the cutting board.
5. 0:20-0:25: The user is cutting up food on the cutting board.
6. 0:25-0:30: The user is cutting up food on the cutting board.

"These events show the user preparing food on a cutting board using a knife, cutting up various ingredients, and possibly cooking or assembling the dish."",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a kitchen where a person is preparing food. They are using a cutting board and a knife to chop up vegetables. The person is also using a spoon to stir the food. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped with various utensils and appliances, such as a microwave, oven, and a bowl. The person is actively engaged in the cooking process, ensuring that the food is prepared properly and efficiently. The overall atmosphere in the kitchen is focused and productive, with the person taking care to create a delicious meal."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person preparing a meal in a kitchen, using various utensils and ingredients. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video include the kitchen, which is a place where food is prepared, and the time period between 10:00 AM and 11:00 AM, as indicated by the time displayed on the kitchen clock. The person is actively engaged in the process of cooking, which involves using the oven, cutting ingredients, and stirring the food. The video provides a snapshot of a daily activity that many people engage in, showcasing the importance of food preparation in our lives."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. 0:00-0:05: The person is holding a spoon and stirring something in a pan.
2. 0:05-0:08: The person is using a spoon to scoop something out of the pan.
3. 0:08-0:10: The person is stirring the contents of the pan with the spoon.
4. 0:10-0:12: The person is using a spoon to scoop something out of the pan.
5. 0:12-0:14: The person is stirring the contents of the pan with the spoon.
6. 0:14-0:15: The person is using a spoon to scoop something out of the pan.
7. 0:15-0:17: The person is stirring the contents of the pan with the spoon.
8. 0:17-0:19: The person is using a spoon to scoop something out of the pan.
9. 0:19-0:20: The person is stirring the contents of the pan with the spoon.
10. 0:20-0:22: The person is using a spoon to scoop something out of the pan.
11. 0:22-0:24: The person is stirring the contents of the pan with the spoon.
12. 0:24-0:25: The person is using a spoon to scoop something out of the pan.
13. 0:25-0:26: The person is stirring the contents of the pan with the spoon.
14. 0:26-0:27: The person is using a spoon to scoop something out of the pan.
15. 0:27-0:28: The person is stirring the contents of the pan with the spoon.
16. 0:28-0:29: The person is using a spoon to scoop something out of the pan.
17. 0:29-0:30: The person is stirring the contents of the pan with the spoon.

"These actions suggest that the person is cooking or preparing a meal using a pan and a spoon."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a kitchen scene where a person is preparing food. They are using a spoon to stir something in a pot on the stove. The kitchen is filled with various items such as a microwave, a sink, and a cup. The person is actively engaged in cooking, which suggests that they are either preparing a meal or experimenting with a new recipe. The presence of multiple appliances and utensils in the kitchen indicates that it is a functional space for food preparation and cooking."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person preparing a meal in a kitchen. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the kitchen area, where the person is actively engaged in food preparation, and the time frame between the start and end of the meal preparation. The person is using various kitchen utensils, such as a spoon and a bowl, to mix and prepare the food. The presence of a microwave in the kitchen also suggests that the person might be using it for heating or cooking purposes. Overall, the video captures a typical cooking scenario where the person is actively involved in the process of preparing a meal in a kitchen setting."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,5,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video can be described as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a microwave, which is located on a counter.
2. The microwave is turned on, and the camera captures the interior of the microwave as it heats up.
3. The microwave door is opened, and the camera zooms in to show the food inside.
4. The camera then shows the microwave door being closed, and the microwave is turned off.
5. The camera then pans out to show the entire kitchen, including the counter and the microwave.

"These events provide a clear sequence of actions, from the microwave being turned on and heating up, to the food being removed and the microwave being turned off."",1,1,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is seen in a kitchen, opening a cupboard and taking out a cup. They then proceed to pour a drink into the cup. This event is taking place in a kitchen, which is a common area for preparing and consuming meals and beverages. The person's actions suggest that they are either preparing to drink the contents of the cup or have just finished pouring the drink. The kitchen setting implies that the person is likely in a home or a similar residential environment."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a kitchen scene with a microwave, a sink, and a cupboard. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the kitchen area and the time it takes to heat up a cup of coffee in the microwave. The video starts at 12:00 and ends at 12:03, which indicates that the coffee is being heated for a brief period of time. The user is likely preparing a hot beverage in the kitchen, possibly for personal use or to share with others."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a cup of coffee on a counter.
2. The camera then pans to the kitchen counter, where a microwave is present.
3. The camera then shows the microwave, and a cup of coffee is placed on the counter.
4. The camera then shows the cup of coffee on the counter, and a person is seen in the background.
5. The person in the background is preparing to use the microwave.
6. The person then uses the microwave, and the camera captures the action.
7. The camera then shows the cup of coffee on the counter, and the person is seen in the background once again.
8. The person is then seen placing the cup of coffee on the counter.
"9. The video ends with the cup of coffee on the counter."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a kitchen setting where a person is preparing food on a counter. The person is using a microwave and a toaster, which are both placed on the counter. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped, with various items such as cups, bowls, and a sink also present. The person is likely multitasking, as they are using both the microwave and the toaster simultaneously. This suggests that the person is either preparing a meal or reheating food, possibly for themselves or others. The presence of multiple items and appliances in the kitchen indicates that it is a functional and organized space for cooking and food preparation."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are a kitchen and a dining table. The video shows a person preparing food in the kitchen, with a microwave and a coffee maker present. The person is also seen placing a plate on the dining table. The scene takes place over a period of time, with the person moving between the kitchen and the dining table. The overall context suggests that the person is engaged in a meal-preparation or dining activity."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video begins with a close-up of a kitchen counter, showing a knife and a spoon.
2. The camera then pans to the left, revealing a sink with a spoon inside it.
3. The camera then pans to the right, showing a stove with a knife on it.
4. The camera then zooms in on the knife, focusing on its handle.
5. The camera then zooms out, showing the entire kitchen counter with the knife and spoon.
6. The camera then pans to the left, revealing the sink with the spoon inside it.
7. The camera then pans to the right, showing the stove with the knife on it.
8. The camera then zooms in on the knife, focusing on its blade.
9. The camera then zooms out, showing the entire kitchen counter with the knife and spoon.
"10. The video ends with the kitchen counter and the knife."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a kitchen with a person preparing food. The person is using a knife to chop vegetables on the counter. There is also a microwave present in the kitchen, which suggests that the person might be using it to heat or cook the food. The kitchen appears to be a busy and functional space, with various utensils and appliances available for food preparation. The overall atmosphere of the kitchen is focused on cooking and food preparation."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,4,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with a person preparing food. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the kitchen counter and the time it takes to prepare the food. The person is seen cutting vegetables and placing them on the counter, which indicates that the food preparation is in progress. The video captures a moment in time, showcasing the person's actions and the kitchen environment during the food preparation process."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

1. The video starts with a close-up of a microwave, which is filled with food.
2. The microwave door is opened, and the food inside is being heated.
3. The microwave door is closed, and the food is being heated for a few more seconds.
4. The microwave door is opened again, and the food is removed from the microwave.
5. The food is placed on a table, and the microwave is turned off.

"These events occur in a continuous sequence, with the microwave being used to heat the food and then removed from the microwave after it has been heated."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""In the video, a person is seen in a kitchen, preparing food. They are using various kitchen appliances, such as a microwave, a toaster, and a bowl. The person is also using a knife to cut food. The kitchen appears to be well-equipped with essential appliances and utensils, indicating that it is a functional and comfortable space for cooking and meal preparation. The presence of multiple appliances and the person's actions suggest that they are likely engaged in a cooking or baking activity, possibly preparing a meal or a dessert."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-ChatGPT,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are a kitchen and a living room. The video shows a person preparing food in the kitchen, with various items like a microwave, a bowl, and a cup visible. The person is also seen in the living room, possibly moving between the two spaces. The person is using a microwave to heat up food, which indicates that they are multitasking between the kitchen and the living room. The video captures a moment of everyday life where the person is engaged in food preparation and possibly moving between different areas of their home."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,3,['kitchen']"
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a person feeding pigeons in a city park. The person is holding a piece of food in a wrapper and offering it to the pigeons. The pigeons are seen pecking at the food and flying around the person. The person also interacts with other people in the park.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a person holding a piece of food in their hand, which appears to be a type of sandwich or wrap. The person then offers the food to a group of pigeons gathered on the ground. The pigeons begin to eat the food, and the person continues to feed them. The video ends with the person walking away from the scene."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. Person holds a piece of food in their hand.
2. Person offers the food to a group of pigeons.
3. Pigeons begin to eat the food.
"4. Person walks away from the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person feeding pigeons in a city park. The person is holding a piece of food in their hand and offering it to the pigeons, which are gathered around them. The person appears to be enjoying the experience and appears to be taking care not to disturb the pigeons. The video also shows other people walking by in the background."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,The video shows a person feeding pigeons in a city park. The person is holding a piece of food in a paper wrapper and offering it to the pigeons. The pigeons are seen pecking at the food and flying around the person. The video also shows other people walking by and some cars passing on the street. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are a city park and a busy urban area.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a person feeding pigeons with a piece of food wrapped in a banana leaf. The person is standing on a sidewalk and there are several pigeons around them. The person is holding the banana leaf in one hand and using a fork in the other hand to feed the pigeons. The pigeons are pecking at the food and some of them are flying away. The person seems to be enjoying the experience and there is a sense of calm and tranquility in the scene.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person feeding pigeons in a city park. The person is holding a piece of food in their hand and offering it to the pigeons. The pigeons are seen pecking at the food and flying around the person. The person also interacts with other people in the park, including a group of children playing nearby. The video continues with the person feeding the pigeons and interacting with them for several minutes."

"Therefore, the repeated events or actions in the video are the person feeding the pigeons and the pigeons pecking at the food."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A person is holding a piece of food wrapped in a banana leaf."
2. The person is standing in front of a group of pigeons.
3. The person offers the food to the pigeons, and they begin to eat it.
4. The person continues to feed the pigeons, and they seem to enjoy the food.
5. The person finishes feeding the pigeons and walks away.

"Therefore, the sequence of events in the video is as follows: a person feeds pigeons with food wrapped in a banana leaf."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" Unfortunately, I cannot provide a precise sequence of events or actions in the video as there is no video provided for analysis. However, I can suggest some possible events or actions based on the context:"

1. A person is holding a piece of food wrapped in a banana leaf.
2. The person is standing in a public area with other people and birds around them.
3. The person is feeding the birds with the food.
4. The person is enjoying the experience of feeding the birds while interacting with other people in the area.

"It is important to note that this analysis is based on the given context and may not be accurate without further information or context."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person feeding pigeons in a city park. The person is holding a piece of food in their hand and offering it to the pigeons. The pigeons are seen pecking at the food and flying around the person. The person appears to be enjoying the experience and is smiling as they feed the pigeons. There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The person is holding a piece of food wrapped in a banana leaf."
2. The person is standing in front of a group of pigeons.
3. The person feeds the pigeons with the food.
4. The person continues to feed the pigeons while talking to the camera.
"5. The person finishes feeding the pigeons and walks away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A person is holding a piece of food wrapped in a banana leaf."
2. The person is standing in front of a group of pigeons.
3. The person offers the food to the pigeons.
4. The pigeons approach and eat the food from the person's hand.
5. The person continues to feed the pigeons, who seem to enjoy the food.
6. The person finishes feeding the pigeons and walks away.
7. The camera pans out to show the person walking away from the group of pigeons.
"8. The video ends."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a man and a woman in a pet store, where they are looking at different animals. The man is holding a white dog on a leash, and the woman is looking at a cat in a cage. The man then takes the dog outside, where they walk down some stairs. The man then puts the dog in a car, and they drive away."

The video also shows the man and woman inside the pet store, where they are looking at various animals, including birds, rabbits, and other small animals. The man also mentions that he has a dog at home, and the woman asks if he is the only one who knows how to groom the dog. The man then shows the woman how he grooms the dog, and they continue to look at the animals in the store.

"Overall, the video is a cute and lighthearted look at a pet store, and it shows the man and woman interacting with the animals in a friendly and caring way."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a man and a dog walking down a street. The man is holding a leash and the dog is wearing a collar. They approach a building with a sign that reads """"grooming salon."""""

The man enters the salon and the dog follows him. Inside, there are several grooming stations with dogs being groomed by professionals. The man leads the dog to one of the stations and the groomer begins to work on the dog's fur.

The video shows the groomer using various tools such as clippers, scissors, and brushes to shape and style the dog's coat. The dog seems to be enjoying the experience and the groomer is careful not to hurt the dog.

"After the grooming is complete, the man pays the groomer and leads the dog out of the salon. The video ends with the man and the dog walking down the street, looking happy and content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a man and a woman in a pet store. The man is holding a white dog on a leash, and the woman is standing nearby. The man is talking to the woman, and they appear to be discussing the dog's grooming. The man then takes the dog outside, and the woman follows him. They walk down a staircase, and the man continues to groom the dog as they go. The video ends with the man and the woman standing on the sidewalk, with the dog sitting at their feet."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a man and a woman in a pet store, where they are looking at a white dog. The man is holding the dog's leash and the woman is petting it. The dog seems to be well-groomed and happy. The video also shows the interior of the pet store, including shelves with various pet supplies and a staircase leading to the upper level. The man and woman are wearing casual clothing, and there is no visible harm or danger in the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a man and a woman in a pet store. The man is holding a white dog on a leash, and the woman is standing nearby. The man is talking to the woman and pointing at the dog. The dog appears to be a poodle, and it is wearing a blue collar. The man then puts the dog on a table and begins to groom it, using a brush to remove any loose hair. The woman watches as the man grooms the dog, and they both seem to be enjoying the process. The video ends with the man and the woman smiling at each other and the dog looking content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a man and a woman in a veterinary clinic, where they are getting their dog groomed. The man is holding the dog on a leash, and the woman is standing next to them. The dog is a white poodle, and the man is brushing its fur. The video also shows the dog being bathed and having its nails clipped. The man and woman are talking to each other and seem to be enjoying the experience. The video ends with the dog being put back in its cage."

"Therefore, the repeated events or actions in the video are the dog being groomed, the man and woman talking to each other, and the dog being put back in its cage."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A man is walking his white dog on a leash."
2. The man stops in front of a pet store.
3. The man enters the pet store and the dog stays outside.
4. The man talks to the store owner and shows the dog to him.
5. The store owner examines the dog and gives it a treat.
6. The man pays for the treat and leaves the store with the dog.
"7. The man and the dog continue walking down the street."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video starts with a man and a dog walking down a street. The man is holding a leash and the dog is wearing a harness. They approach a building with a sign that reads """"grooming salon."""""

The man enters the salon and the dog follows him. Inside, there are several grooming stations with dogs being groomed by professionals. The man leads the dog to one of the stations and the groomer begins to work on the dog's fur.

The video shows the groomer using various tools such as clippers, scissors, and brushes to shape and trim the dog's fur. The dog seems to be enjoying the experience and wags its tail.

After the grooming is complete, the man pays the groomer and leads the dog out of the salon. They continue walking down the street, with the dog looking happy and well-groomed.

"The video ends with the man and the dog walking away from the camera."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a man and a woman in a pet store. The man is holding a white dog on a leash, and the woman is standing nearby. The man is talking to the woman and the camera zooms in on the dog's face. The man then puts the dog on a table and starts brushing its fur. The woman watches as the man brushes the dog, and they both laugh. The video ends with the man and the woman leaving the pet store."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A man is walking his white dog on a leash."
2. The man stops at a dog grooming salon.
3. The man enters the salon and the dog is taken inside.
4. The man pays for the grooming service.
5. The dog is bathed and dried.
6. The dog is brushed and styled.
"7. The man picks up the groomed dog and leaves the salon."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A man is walking down a street with a white dog on a leash."
2. The man stops in front of a pet grooming salon.
3. The man enters the salon and the dog follows him.
4. The man speaks to the groomer and the dog is placed on a table.
5. The groomer begins to groom the dog, starting with its fur.
6. The man watches as the groomer works on the dog's coat.
7. The groomer finishes grooming the dog and the man pays the groomer.
"8. The man and the dog leave the salon and continue walking down the street."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person cleaning a tire with a spray bottle. The person is wearing a blue shirt and is standing in a grassy area. The tire is a large, black tire with treads on it. The person sprays the tire with a clear liquid and then wipes it off with a cloth. The video does not provide any context or explanation for why the person is cleaning the tire."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video does not provide a clear timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. However, it appears that the person in the video is working on a tire, possibly repairing it. The tire is shown from different angles, and the person is using various tools to work on it. The video also shows the tire's tread pattern and the surrounding area. Overall, the video appears to be educational in nature, providing insight into tire repair and maintenance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person inspecting a tire on the ground. The tire appears to be old and worn out, with visible cracks and damage. The person then uses a spray bottle to clean the tire, revealing more damage and wear. The video does not provide any context or explanation for the events taking place."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person inspecting a tire on the ground. The tire appears to be old and worn out, with visible cracks and damage. The person uses a spray bottle to clean the tire, revealing the tread pattern and the inner workings of the tire. The video does not provide any additional context or information."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a person using a spray bottle to clean the rim of a tire. The person then turns the tire over to reveal the tread pattern on the other side. The person then comments that the tire is in good shape and that it looks like it has been used for off-roading. The person then mentions that they will be using the tire for a project and that they are glad they found it. The video ends with a close-up shot of the tire.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person cleaning a tire with a brush and water. The person is using a brush to scrub the tire, and the water is being sprayed onto the tire to help clean it. The person then moves on to the next tire and repeats the process. The video also shows the person using a hose to rinse the tire after cleaning it. The repeated events in the video are the person cleaning each tire with a brush and water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a person using a spray bottle to clean the rim of a tire. The person then turns the tire over to reveal the tread pattern on the other side. The person then picks up a small object from the ground and examines it closely. Finally, the person puts the object back down and walks away from the tire."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" I apologize, but I cannot provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video without additional context. The video only shows a close-up view of a tire and its surroundings. However, I can suggest that the person in the video is cleaning the tire with a brush and water."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person using a spray bottle to clean the rim of a tire. The person then turns the tire over to reveal the tread pattern on the other side. The video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The camera focuses on a tire lying on the ground."
2. A hand reaches out and picks up the tire.
3. The camera zooms in to show the tire's tread pattern.
4. The hand sprays water onto the tire.
5. The camera shows the tire spinning as water splashes onto it.
6. The hand applies soap to the tire.
7. The camera shows the tire being scrubbed with a brush.
8. The hand rinses the tire with water.
9. The camera shows the tire drying in the sun.
10. The hand applies a tire shine product to the tire.
"11. The camera shows the tire shining in the sunlight."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The camera focuses on a tire lying on the ground."
2. A person's hand is seen pouring a liquid substance into the tire.
3. The person's hand is seen rotating the tire to evenly distribute the substance.
4. The camera zooms out to show the tire in its entirety.
5. The person's hand is seen wiping away excess substance from the tire.
6. The camera pans to the side to reveal a wheelbarrow nearby.
7. The person's hand is seen picking up a tool from the wheelbarrow.
8. The person's hand is seen using the tool to remove a bolt from the tire.
9. The camera zooms in to show the person's hand tightening the bolt back into place.
10. The person's hand is seen wiping away excess substance from the tire once again.
11. The camera pans out to show the tire in its original position on the ground.
12. The person's hand is seen patting the tire in a satisfied manner.
13. The camera cuts to a close-up of the tire's tread pattern, with the sound of a car engine in the background.
14. The camera pans up to reveal a car driving past in the distance.
"15. The video ends with the sound of the car engine fading out."",1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a group of young men practicing parkour moves on a brick wall in a parking lot. They are wearing athletic clothing and appear to be in good physical condition. The video also shows them encouraging and supporting each other as they perform various jumps and flips. The overall tone of the video is positive and upbeat.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with two men standing on a brick wall and one of them is doing a handstand. They then start to do various exercises such as push-ups, sit-ups, and leg raises. The video ends with them high-fiving each other."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. Two men standing on a brick wall
2. One of them doing a handstand
3. They start to do various exercises such as push-ups, sit-ups, and leg raises
"4. They high-five each other at the end of the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of young men performing a parkour routine on a brick wall in a parking lot. They are wearing athletic clothing and appear to be practicing their skills. One of the men is wearing a green shirt, and they all seem to be enjoying themselves. The video also shows a red brick building in the background."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a group of young men practicing parkour moves on a brick wall in an outdoor setting. They are wearing athletic clothing and appear to be in good physical condition. The video also shows a close-up view of one of the men's feet as he performs a handstand on the wall. Overall, the video conveys a sense of excitement and energy associated with parkour and urban exploration."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of young men performing a parkour routine on a brick wall. They are wearing green t-shirts and black shorts, and they are jumping, running, and climbing up the wall. One of the men is wearing a red hat, and they are all smiling and having fun. The video ends with the group standing on top of the wall, looking out at the city."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people, including a man in a green shirt, performing a workout routine that involves jumping and balancing on a brick wall. The people in the video are all wearing athletic clothing and appear to be in good physical condition. They are also encouraging and supporting each other as they perform the exercises. The video also shows a man in a black shirt observing the workout and providing feedback to the participants. Overall, the video conveys a positive and supportive atmosphere."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. Two young men are standing on a brick wall in front of a building."
2. One of the men is doing a handstand on the wall.
3. The other man is watching and cheering him on.
4. The man doing the handstand falls off the wall and lands on the ground safely.
5. The two men laugh and continue to interact with each other.
"6. The video ends with the two men walking away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video starts with two men, one wearing a green shirt and the other wearing a black shirt, standing in front of a brick building. The man in the green shirt is doing a handstand on the brick wall, and the man in the black shirt is watching him."

The men then start to do a series of exercises, including push-ups, sit-ups, and leg raises. They are all wearing athletic clothing, and they seem to be in good shape.

As they continue to exercise, they start to talk to each other, and it appears that they are practicing for a competition or event. They mention that they have been training for a long time, and they seem to be very focused and determined.

The video ends with the men continuing to exercise and talk to each other, with the brick building in the background.

"Therefore, the exact time range for each event or action in the video is not provided, but it appears that the video is showing a sequence of exercises being performed by two men in front of a brick building."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a group of young men practicing parkour moves on a brick wall. They are wearing athletic clothing and appear to be in good physical condition. One man is demonstrating a move to the others, who are watching and cheering him on. The video also shows a close-up of the man's face as he performs the move. Overall, the video conveys a sense of excitement and energy."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. Two men are standing on a brick wall."
2. One man jumps down from the wall and lands on the ground.
3. The other man claps and cheers for the first man.
4. The first man gets up and walks away.
5. The second man follows him and they continue to interact.
6. The camera pans out to show the surrounding area.
"7. The men are seen walking away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. Two men are standing on a brick wall."
2. One man jumps down from the wall.
3. The other man claps and cheers for the first man.
4. The first man jumps back up onto the wall.
5. The second man joins him on the wall.
6. They both perform a handstand on the wall.
7. The first man jumps down from the wall again.
8. The second man follows suit and jumps down as well.
9. They both walk away from the wall.
"10. The video ends."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a woman talking about her experience with a product called """"hair growth oil"""" and expressing her satisfaction with the results. She mentions that she has been using the product for about a month and a half and has noticed an improvement in the growth of her hair. She also mentions that she has been using the product on her scalp and has noticed that her hair is growing faster than usual. The woman also mentions that she has been using the product in conjunction with other hair care products and has noticed that her hair is looking healthier and more vibrant. Overall, the woman seems pleased with the results she has seen from using the hair growth oil and recommends it to others who are looking to improve the growth and health of their hair."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a woman standing in front of a parking garage, looking around and talking to the camera. She then walks towards a car and opens the trunk, revealing a bottle of hair care product. She applies the product to her hair and continues to talk to the camera. The video ends with the woman walking away from the camera."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. The woman stands in front of a parking garage and looks around.
2. She walks towards a car and opens the trunk.
3. She reveals a bottle of hair care product.
4. She applies the product to her hair.
5. She continues to talk to the camera.
"6. The video ends with the woman walking away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a woman standing in a parking lot and talking to the camera. She mentions that she is going to the mall to buy some things, and she is wearing a blue shirt and black pants. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth oil"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of oil and explains that she has been using it on her scalp and hair. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth vitamins"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of vitamins and explains that she takes them every day. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth shampoo"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of shampoo and explains that she uses it every day. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth conditioner"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of conditioner and explains that she uses it every day. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth serum"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of serum and explains that she uses it every day. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth spray"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of spray and explains that she uses it every day. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth vitamins"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of vitamins and explains that she takes them every day. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth oil"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of oil and explains that she uses it every day. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth shampoo"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of shampoo and explains that she uses it every day. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth conditioner"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of conditioner and explains that she uses it every day. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth serum"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of serum and explains that she uses it every day. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth spray"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of spray and explains that she uses it every day. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth vitamins"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of vitamins and explains that she takes them every day. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth oil"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of oil and explains that she uses it every day. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth shampoo"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of shampoo and explains that she uses it every day. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth conditioner"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of conditioner and explains that she uses it every day. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth serum"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of serum and explains that she uses it every day. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth spray"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of spray and explains that she uses it every day. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth vitamins"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of vitamins and explains that she takes them every day. The woman also mentions that she has been using a product called """"hair growth oil"""" for a month, and she is happy with the results. She then shows the bottle of oil and explains that she"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a woman standing in a parking lot and talking to the camera. She mentions that she is going to the mall to buy some things, and she is wearing a blue shirt and a black headband. The woman also mentions that she is going to the mall to buy some shoes, and she is excited about it. The video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a woman standing in front of a parking garage and talking to the camera. She mentions that she is going to the gym and that she is using a product called """"hair growth oil"""" to help her hair grow faster. She also mentions that she has been using the product for a month and that she has noticed a difference in the length and thickness of her hair. The woman then turns around and walks away from the camera."

The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature.

"Therefore, the video is appropriate for all audiences and can be shared without any concerns."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a woman walking in a parking lot and looking at a sign. She then turns around and walks away. The woman repeats this action several times.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The woman is standing in a parking lot."
2. She is holding a bottle of hair care product.
3. She is talking to the camera and expressing her excitement about using the product.
4. She applies the product to her hair and demonstrates its effectiveness.
5. She finishes her speech and walks away from the camera.

Explanation:
"The woman in the video is using a hair care product and expressing her excitement about it. She applies the product to her hair and demonstrates its effectiveness. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video does not provide a clear sequence of events or actions with exact time ranges. However, the woman in the video is talking about using a product to wash her hair and then using a blow dryer to style it. She mentions that she has been using the product for a long time and that it works well for her. She also mentions that she has been using the product for a long time and that it works well for her. She then shows the product and explains how to use it. Finally, she thanks the viewer for watching and encourages them to subscribe to her channel for more videos."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a woman standing in a parking lot and talking to the camera. She mentions that she has been using a product called """"it's a 10 miracle leave-in product"""" for a long time and that it has helped her hair grow. She also mentions that she has been using it for a long time and that it has helped her hair grow. She then shows the product bottle and talks about its benefits. Finally, she encourages viewers to try the product and shares her contact information for those who are interested."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The woman is standing in a parking garage."
2. She is holding a bottle of hair care product.
3. She is talking to the camera and expressing her excitement about using the product.
4. She applies the product to her hair and demonstrates its effects.
"5. She thanks the viewer for watching and encourages them to subscribe to her channel for more content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A woman is standing in front of a parking garage."
2. She holds up a bottle of hair conditioner and talks about using it.
3. She mentions that she has been using the conditioner for a long time and it has helped her hair grow.
4. She also mentions that she has been using the conditioner for a long time and it has helped her hair grow.
5. She thanks the viewer for watching and encourages them to subscribe to her channel for more videos.
"6. The video ends with the woman smiling at the camera."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a group of people, including children, dancing and having fun in a public place. They are dressed in various colors and styles, and some of them are holding flags or other objects. The video also shows some people watching the performance from a distance. The atmosphere is lively and joyful."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people, including children, dancing and having fun in a public place. There is no clear indication of the location or context of the event. The people are dressed in various colors and styles, and they appear to be enjoying themselves. There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a large group of people, mostly young adults, dancing and having fun in a crowded street. Some of them are wearing colorful clothes and are holding flags or other objects. The atmosphere is lively and joyful. It appears to be a celebration or a festival. The people seem to be enjoying themselves and are not causing any harm or disturbance to others. The video is shot from a distance, providing a bird's eye view of the scene. The background shows buildings and other structures, indicating that the location is an urban area. The video is filmed in a respectful and unbiased manner, and does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a large crowd of people, mostly young, dancing and having fun in a public space. The setting appears to be a busy city street, with buildings and other structures visible in the background. The people are dressed in various colors and styles, and they seem to be enjoying themselves as they dance and move around. The overall mood is lively and upbeat."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people, including children, dancing and having fun in a public place. They are dressed in various colors and are performing different dance moves. Some people are also watching and cheering them on. The atmosphere is lively and joyful."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people dancing and performing in a public place. The people are dressed in various colors and styles, and they are all enjoying themselves. The video also shows some people watching the performance from a distance. The repeated events or actions in the video are dancing and performing."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A group of people, including children and adults, are gathered in a crowded street."
2. Some of the people are dancing and having fun.
3. One person is performing a dance move, possibly a breakdance move.
4. The camera pans to show more people dancing and enjoying themselves.
5. The video ends with a close-up shot of the person performing the dance move.

"Overall, the video shows a lively and joyful atmosphere in a public place."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a group of people, including children and adults, dancing and having fun in a public place. There is no clear indication of the exact time range for each event or action in the video. However, it appears that the dancing is taking place outdoors, possibly in a city or town, and that the people are enjoying themselves. The video also shows some people watching the dancing from the sidelines. Overall, the mood of the video is upbeat and positive."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a group of people, including children, dancing and having fun in a public place. They are dressed in various colors and are enjoying themselves. There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A group of people, including children, are dancing in the street."
2. The camera pans to show a large crowd gathered around the dancers.
3. The dancers perform various moves and poses.
4. Some of the dancers are wearing colorful costumes.
5. The crowd cheers and claps along with the music.
6. The camera zooms in to show the faces of some of the dancers.
"7. The video ends with a close-up shot of one of the dancers."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A group of people, including children and adults, are dancing and having fun in a public place."
2. The camera pans to show a crowd of people gathered around the dancers.
3. The dancers perform various moves and poses, including jumping, twirling, and spinning.
4. The crowd cheers and claps along with the dancers.
"5. The video ends with a close-up shot of one of the dancers smiling and waving to the camera."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a woman and a man riding their bikes on a city street. The woman is wearing a black tank top and the man is wearing a white t-shirt. They both have short hair and are smiling at the camera. The background is a graffiti-covered wall with a stop sign in the foreground. The video also shows the bikes they are riding and the street they are on. The woman is wearing a helmet and the man is not. The video is set to upbeat music and the overall tone is positive.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a woman riding a bicycle on a city street. She stops at a red light and looks at the camera. The camera then shows a close-up view of her face, and she smiles and waves at the camera. The video ends with the woman continuing to ride her bicycle down the street."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a woman and a man riding their bikes on a city street. They stop at a red light and the woman dismounts from her bike and walks away. The man continues to ride his bike and the camera follows him as he turns a corner and rides down the street. The video ends with the man stopping at another red light."

The video is filmed in a city with a graffiti-covered wall in the background. The woman is wearing a black tank top and the man is wearing a white t-shirt and black shorts. They both appear to be in their late 20s or early 30s.

"There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a woman and a man riding their bicycles on a city street. The woman is wearing a black tank top and the man is wearing a white shirt. They are both smiling and seem to be enjoying themselves. The background of the video shows a graffiti-covered wall and some parked cars. The video also shows the bicycles they are riding, which appear to be fixed-gear bikes. The woman is wearing a helmet and the man is not. The video is set to upbeat music."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a person riding a bicycle on a city street. The person is wearing a black shirt and is riding a white bicycle. The video also shows a stop sign and a few parked cars in the background. The person is talking to the camera and expressing their excitement about the bicycle. The video ends with the person riding away from the camera.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person riding a white bicycle on a city street, passing by parked cars and a graffiti-covered wall. The person is wearing a black tank top and has short black hair. They are also wearing a helmet and are riding with one hand on the handlebars and the other hand on the brake. The video also shows the person stopping at a stop sign and looking around before continuing to ride. The video repeats this sequence several times."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a woman riding a white bicycle on a city street. She is wearing a black tank top and has short black hair. The background is a brick wall with graffiti on it. The woman is smiling and looking at the camera as she rides the bike. She then stops the bike and gets off, looking around the area. The video ends with the woman walking away from the camera."

"To summarize, the video shows a woman riding a white bicycle on a city street and then getting off the bike and walking away. The video is visually appealing and does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a white bicycle parked on the side of the road. The camera then pans to the left to reveal a woman in a black tank top standing next to the bicycle. She is looking at the camera with a smile on her face."

The woman then starts to ride the bicycle down the street, and the camera follows her as she pedals along. She passes by several buildings and cars parked on the side of the road.

As she continues to ride, the woman comes across a stop sign and stops at the intersection. She looks both ways before crossing the street and continuing on her way.

The video ends with the woman riding her bicycle down the street, with the sun setting in the background.

Therefore, the exact time range for each event or action in the video is as follows:

0:00 - 0:05: Close-up shot of a white bicycle parked on the side of the road
0:05 - 0:10: Woman in a black tank top standing next to the bicycle
0:10 - 0:15: Woman starts to ride the bicycle down the street
0:15 - 0:20: Woman passes by several buildings and cars parked on the side of the road
0:20 - 0:25: Woman comes across a stop sign and stops at the intersection
0:25 - 0:30: Woman looks both ways before crossing the street and continuing on her way
"0:30 - 0:35: Woman rides her bicycle down the street, with the sun setting in the background."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a woman riding a white bicycle on a city street. She is wearing a black tank top and has short, dark hair. The background is a brick wall with graffiti on it. The woman is smiling and looking at the camera as she rides the bike. She stops at a stop sign and puts her foot down to rest. The video ends with the woman continuing to ride down the street."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The video starts with a close-up shot of a white bicycle parked on the side of the road."
2. A man in a black shirt and shorts is seen riding the bicycle towards the camera.
3. The man stops in front of a graffiti-covered wall and gets off the bicycle.
4. He looks directly into the camera and speaks to the viewer.
5. The man puts his hand on the handlebars of the bicycle and adjusts his position.
6. He starts to pedal the bicycle and rides away from the camera.
"7. The video ends with a shot of the man riding the bicycle down the street."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The video starts with a close-up shot of a white bicycle parked on the side of the road."
2. A young woman in a black tank top and shorts approaches the bicycle and starts to talk to the camera.
3. She explains that she is a bike messenger and that she has been riding her bike for 10 years.
4. She mentions that she has been riding her bike for 10 hours straight and that she is feeling tired but excited.
5. She then starts to ride her bike down the street, passing by various buildings and cars.
6. The video ends with a shot of the woman riding her bike away from the camera.

"Overall, the video is a promotional piece for a bike messenger service, showcasing the woman's dedication and passion for her job. The video is well-edited and visually appealing, with clear and concise audio."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a parade with people in traditional Chinese costumes and performing dragon and lion dances. There are also floats and performers in the parade. The video also shows people watching the parade from the sidelines.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a man in glasses and a red scarf walking down a busy street. He is holding a microphone and speaking into it. Behind him, there are people walking on the sidewalk and in the background, there are shops and buildings."

As the man continues to speak, a group of people dressed in traditional Chinese costumes appear on the street. They are carrying flags and banners and are performing a dance. The man in the foreground turns to face them and begins to film them with his camera.

The video then cuts to a close-up shot of one of the performers, who is holding a red umbrella. The performer is smiling and waving the umbrella in the air.

The video continues to show the performers dancing and singing in the street. There are also people in the crowd watching and taking photos.

At one point, the man in the foreground turns to face the camera and speaks directly to the viewer. He explains that the performers are part of a traditional Chinese parade that is taking place in the city.

The video then cuts to a shot of the parade moving down the street. There are floats, musicians, and dancers all participating in the event. The man in the foreground continues to film the parade and provide commentary.

"The video ends with a shot of the man in the foreground walking away from the parade, leaving the viewer with a sense of the vibrant and colorful atmosphere of the event."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a parade or procession taking place in a city or town. There are people dressed in traditional costumes and carrying flags or banners. Some of them are playing musical instruments, while others are dancing or performing acrobatics. There are also floats and vehicles decorated with colorful designs. The atmosphere is lively and festive, with people cheering and clapping. The video also shows a man in a police uniform standing on the side of the road, watching the parade. Overall, the video captures the excitement and joy of a cultural celebration."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a parade or procession in a city street, with people in traditional costumes and carrying flags or banners. There is a large crowd of onlookers, and some of them are taking photos or videos with their smartphones. The parade includes a group of people in red and black outfits, who are performing a dance or show. There is also a float or vehicle in the parade, which is carrying a large dragon or dragon-like creature. The video is filmed in a busy city street, with shops and buildings visible in the background. The date and location of the event are not mentioned in the video, but it appears to be taking place in an Asian city."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a parade with people in traditional Chinese costumes performing a dragon dance in the street. There are also people watching the parade and taking pictures. The dragon dance is accompanied by music and the sound of firecrackers. The video also shows a man in a red suit holding a microphone and speaking to the camera. The parade appears to be part of a cultural festival.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a parade with people in traditional costumes and performing dances on the street. There are also floats and musicians participating in the parade. The video also shows people watching the parade and taking pictures. The parade appears to be part of a cultural festival.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A group of people dressed in traditional Chinese clothing are performing a dance routine on a street."
2. The crowd is cheering and clapping as the performers dance.
3. The performers carry large umbrellas and wave them in the air.
4. The performers walk down the street, waving to the crowd and interacting with them.
5. The performers stop in front of a store and pose for photos with the crowd.
6. The performers continue to dance and interact with the crowd as they make their way down the street.
"7. The video ends with the performers waving goodbye to the crowd and disappearing from view."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video starts with a man in glasses and a red scarf walking down a busy street. He is holding a microphone and speaking into it. Behind him, there are people and shops visible."

As the man continues to speak, a group of people dressed in traditional Chinese clothing and carrying umbrellas walk by in the background. The man then turns to face the camera and waves at the audience.

The video then cuts to a close-up shot of a woman in a red dress and a white hat, who is also carrying an umbrella. She is walking down the street and smiling at the camera.

The video then cuts back to the man, who is now standing in front of a crowd of people. He is holding a microphone and speaking into it, and the crowd is cheering and clapping.

The video ends with a shot of the man walking away from the camera, leaving the crowd behind.

"Therefore, the exact time range of each event or action in the video is not explicitly stated, but it appears to be taking place in a busy city street during a parade or festival."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a parade with people in traditional Chinese costumes performing a dragon dance in the street. The dragon dance is accompanied by music and the crowd is cheering and clapping. The performers are carrying a large dragon puppet on a pole and moving it around in a coordinated manner. The video also shows people watching the performance from the sidelines.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The video starts with a man in a red costume walking on a street."
2. He is followed by a group of people in traditional Chinese costumes performing a dance.
3. The camera pans to show a crowd of people watching the performance.
4. The man in the red costume then walks towards a group of people holding umbrellas.
5. He hands out flyers to the people and continues walking down the street.
"6. The video ends with a close-up shot of the man's face."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The video starts with a man in a red suit and hat walking down a street."
2. He is followed by a group of people in traditional Chinese clothing, carrying flags and banners.
3. The group performs a dance routine in the middle of the street, surrounded by a crowd of onlookers.
4. The man in the red suit then gets into a small car and drives away.
5. The video ends with a shot of the crowd continuing to watch the performance.

"Therefore, the video shows a Chinese cultural performance in the middle of a city street, with a man in a red suit driving away at the end."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man in an orange vest standing next to a car and checking the tire pressure with a tire pressure gauge. He then adds a nut to the tire and tightens it with a wrench. The man explains that the tire pressure should be checked regularly to ensure safe driving.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a man in a white shirt and orange vest standing next to a car. He is holding a bottle of tire sealant and is talking to the camera. He then proceeds to apply the sealant to a punctured tire on the car. The man explains that the sealant is a temporary solution to fix a puncture and that it will last for around 100 miles. He also mentions that the sealant is safe to use and that it will not damage the tire. The video ends with the man driving away in the car."

Timeline:
0:00 - 0:05: The man is standing next to a car and holding a bottle of tire sealant.
0:06 - 0:10: The man explains that the sealant is a temporary solution to fix a puncture.
0:11 - 0:15: The man applies the sealant to a punctured tire on the car.
0:16 - 0:20: The man explains that the sealant is safe to use and that it will last for around 100 miles.
"0:21 - 0:30: The man drives away in the car."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a man in an orange vest standing next to a car and checking the tire pressure. He uses a tire pressure gauge to measure the pressure and then adjusts the tire accordingly. The man explains that the tire pressure should be checked regularly to ensure safe driving conditions. He also mentions that the tire pressure should be set to the recommended level, which is usually printed on the sidewall of the tire. The man emphasizes the importance of maintaining proper tire pressure to improve fuel efficiency, extend tire life, and ensure vehicle safety."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a man in a white shirt and orange vest standing next to a car with its trunk open. He is holding a bottle of tire sealant and using it to fix a flat tire on the car. The man explains that the sealant is a liquid that can be injected into the tire to seal any leaks and prevent further damage. He also mentions that the tire should be checked regularly to ensure its safety and longevity. The video is filmed outdoors in a rural setting, with trees and grass visible in the background. The man speaks clearly and confidently, making the instructions easy to follow. Overall, the video provides useful information for car owners and mechanics, demonstrating a practical solution for fixing a flat tire on the go."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a man in an orange vest standing next to a car and checking the tire pressure. He uses a tire pressure gauge to measure the pressure in each tire and adjusts them accordingly. The man then puts the tire pressure gauge back in his pocket and looks at the camera with a satisfied expression.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a man in an orange vest checking the tire pressure of a car. He uses a tire pressure gauge to measure the pressure and then adjusts the tire accordingly. He repeats this process for all four tires of the car.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The man is standing next to a car with a flat tire."
2. He takes out a can of tire sealant from his bag.
3. He shakes the can to mix the contents.
4. He removes the tire valve cap and attaches the sealant dispenser to the valve stem.
5. He squeezes the dispenser to release the sealant into the tire.
6. He observes the tire for any signs of air loss.
7. He replaces the valve cap and puts the tire back onto the car.
"8. He thanks the viewer for watching and encourages them to subscribe to his channel for more car-related content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video starts with a man in a white shirt and orange vest standing next to a car. He is holding a bottle of tire sealant and is checking the tire pressure of the car. He then proceeds to apply the sealant to the tire, making sure to cover all the cracks and punctures. After applying the sealant, he checks the tire pressure again and confirms that it is now at the recommended level. The man then puts the bottle of sealant back into the trunk of the car and closes the trunk. The video ends with the man getting into the car and driving away."

Therefore, the exact time range for each event or action in the video is as follows:

0:00 - 0:05: The man is standing next to the car and checking the tire pressure.

0:05 - 0:10: The man is holding a bottle of tire sealant and applying it to the tire.

0:10 - 0:15: The man is checking the tire pressure again after applying the sealant.

0:15 - 0:20: The man puts the bottle of sealant back into the trunk of the car and closes the trunk.

"0:20 - 0:25: The man gets into the car and drives away."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a man in an orange vest standing next to a car and checking the tire pressure with a tire pressure gauge. He then inserts a tire valve cap into the tire valve stem and tightens it with his fingers. The man then looks at the camera and explains that he is checking the tire pressure before going on a long journey.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The speaker is standing next to a car and holding a tire pressure gauge."
2. He checks the tire pressure of the car's front left tire.
3. He notices that the tire pressure is low and needs to be inflated.
4. He uses the tire pressure gauge to measure the current tire pressure.
5. He then proceeds to inflate the tire using a compressor.
6. He checks the tire pressure again to ensure it is at the recommended level.
7. He finishes inflating the tire and puts the tire pressure gauge away.
"8. The speaker looks at the camera and explains the importance of checking tire pressure regularly to ensure safe driving."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The speaker is standing next to a car and holding a tire pressure gauge."
2. He checks the tire pressure of the car's front left tire.
3. He notices that the tire pressure is low and needs to be inflated.
4. He uses the tire pressure gauge to measure the current tire pressure.
5. He advises the viewer to check their tire pressure regularly to ensure safe driving.
6. He suggests that the viewer should inflate their tires to the recommended pressure, which is usually found in the car's owner's manual or on the tire itself.
7. He reminds the viewer that under-inflated tires can lead to poor fuel economy, reduced tire life, and increased risk of tire blowouts.
"8. He emphasizes the importance of maintaining proper tire pressure to ensure safe and efficient driving."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a white truck driving down a dirt road surrounded by trees. The truck is towing a large trailer, and there are several people standing around the area. The video also shows a man walking in the background."

The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature.

There is no question or statement provided in the video, so there is no need to explain why or answer something not correct. The video simply shows the truck and trailer driving down the road.

There is no false information shared in the video. The video only shows the truck and trailer, and there is no mention of any specific facts or figures.

"Therefore, the video is factually coherent and does not contain any misinformation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a white truck driving down a dirt road surrounded by trees. The truck then turns left and continues driving, passing by a sign that reads """"private property."""" The video then shows the truck driving through a forest, with trees and bushes visible in the background. The truck then turns right and continues driving, passing by a sign that reads """"end of road."""" The video ends with the truck driving away from the camera."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

* The video starts with a white truck driving down a dirt road.
* The truck turns left and continues driving.
"* The truck passes by a sign that reads """"private property."""""
* The truck drives through a forest.
* The truck turns right and continues driving.
"* The truck passes by a sign that reads """"end of road."""""
"* The video ends with the truck driving away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a white truck driving down a dirt road surrounded by trees. The truck appears to be towing a trailer, and there are other vehicles and people visible in the background. The video also shows the truck passing by a sign that reads """"welcome to the forest."""" The footage is shot from the perspective of someone riding in the truck, and there is a sense of motion and movement throughout the video. The lighting is bright and sunny, and the overall mood is peaceful and serene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a white truck driving down a dirt road surrounded by trees. The truck is towing a large trailer, and the driver is wearing a helmet. The video also shows a sign that reads """"private property"""" and a wooden fence. The footage is shot from the perspective of a moving vehicle, and the scenery is blurred due to the motion. The video is filmed in a forested area, and the sun is shining through the trees. The video is shot in a continuous sequence, and there are no cuts or edits. The video is filmed in real time, and there is no indication of any special effects or post-production manipulation. The video is shot in a naturalistic style, and the focus is on the movement of the truck and the scenery around it. The video is filmed in a rural setting, and there are no signs of civilization or urban development. The video is shot in a clear and unobstructed manner, and there are no obstacles or hazards in the road. The video is filmed in a safe and responsible manner, and there is no indication of any dangerous or illegal activity. The video is filmed in a respectful and honest manner, and there is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. The video is filmed in a socially unbiased and positive manner, and there is no discrimination or prejudice against any particular group or individual. The video is filmed in a factually coherent manner, and there is no false or misleading information. The video is filmed in a helpful and respectful manner, and there is no intention to harm or mislead the viewer. The video is filmed in a manner that is consistent with the principles of safety, honesty, respect, and social responsibility."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a white truck driving down a dirt road surrounded by trees. The truck appears to be towing a large trailer, and there are no other vehicles or people visible in the video. The sun is shining through the trees, casting a warm glow over the scene."

There is no dialogue or sound effects in the video, and there is no indication of any danger or harm. The video appears to be shot from a moving vehicle, and the camera is focused on the truck and trailer as they drive down the road.

"Overall, the video is peaceful and serene, and it provides a beautiful and relaxing view of the natural surroundings."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a white truck driving down a dirt road surrounded by trees. The truck passes by a sign that reads """"private property"""" and continues driving. The video also shows the truck passing by a group of people standing on the side of the road."

"There are no repeated events or actions in the video. However, the video does show the truck driving down the dirt road several times."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The camera is moving forward on a dirt road in a forest."
2. A white truck with a blue trailer is parked on the side of the road.
3. The camera continues to move forward, and the truck and trailer are no longer visible.
4. The camera passes through a clearing in the forest, and the sun is shining through the trees.
5. The camera continues to move forward, and a red car is seen driving in the opposite direction.
6. The camera turns to the left and shows a group of people standing near a campsite.
"7. The camera continues to move forward, and a sign reading """"campground"""" is visible in the distance."
8. The camera turns to the right and shows a view of the forest.
9. The camera continues to move forward, and a group of people are seen walking in the distance.
10. The camera turns to the left and shows a view of the forest floor, with leaves and twigs visible.
11. The camera continues to move forward, and a group of people are seen sitting around a campfire.
12. The camera turns to the right and shows a view of the forest, with trees and bushes visible.
13. The camera turns to the left and shows a view of the campsite, with tents and camping equipment visible.
14. The camera turns to the right and shows a view of the forest, with birds flying overhead.
15. The camera turns to the left and shows a view of the campsite, with people walking around and talking.
16. The camera turns to the right and shows a view of the forest, with trees and bushes visible.
17. The camera turns to the left and shows a view of the campsite, with people sitting around a campfire.
18. The camera turns to the right and shows a view of the forest, with trees and bushes visible.
19. The camera turns to the left and shows a view of the campsite, with people walking around and talking.
20. The camera turns to the right and shows a view of the forest, with trees and bushes visible.
21. The camera turns to the left and shows a view of the campsite, with people sitting around a campfire.
22. The camera turns to the right and shows a view of the forest, with trees and bushes visible.
23. The camera turns to the left and shows a view of the campsite, with people walking around and talking.
24. The camera turns to the right and shows a view of the forest, with trees and bushes visible.
25. The camera turns to the left and shows a view of the campsite, with people sitting around a campfire.
26. The camera turns to the right and shows a view of the forest, with trees and bushes visible.
27. The camera turns to the left and shows a view of the campsite, with people walking around and talking.
28. The camera turns to the right and shows a view of the forest, with trees and bushes visible.
29. The camera turns to the left and shows a view of the campsite, with people sitting around a campfire.
30. The camera turns to the right and shows a view of the forest, with trees and bushes visible.
31. The camera turns to the left and shows a view of the campsite, with people walking around and talking.
32. The camera turns to the right and shows a view of the forest, with trees and bushes visible.
33. The camera turns to the left and shows a view of the campsite, with people sitting around a campfire.
34. The camera turns to the right and shows a view of the forest, with trees and bushes visible.
35. The camera turns to the left and shows a view of the campsite, with people walking around and talking.
36. The camera turns to the right and shows a view of the forest, with trees and bushes visible.
37. The camera turns to the left and shows a view of the campsite, with people sitting around a campfire.
38. The camera turns to the right and shows a view of the forest, with trees and bushes visible.
39. The camera turns to the left and shows a view of the campsite, with people walking around and talking.
40. The camera turns to the right and shows a view of the forest, with trees and bushes visible.
41. The camera turns to the left and shows a view of the campsite, with people sitting around a campfire.
"42. The camera turns to the right and shows a view of the forest, with"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" At the beginning of the video, a white truck is driving down a dirt road surrounded by trees. The truck then turns left and continues driving, passing by a sign that reads """"private property."""" The camera then pans to the right, revealing a red car parked on the side of the road. The truck continues driving, and the camera follows it as it turns a corner and enters a clearing. The truck then stops, and the camera pans to the left, revealing a group of people standing nearby. The people appear to be filming something, and the camera then cuts to a close-up shot of a man holding a camera. The man speaks into the camera, explaining that they are filming a video about a """"secret place"""" in the woods. The camera then cuts back to the truck, which drives off into the distance. The video ends with a shot of the forest, with the sound of birds chirping in the background."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a white truck driving down a dirt road surrounded by trees. The truck is towing a large trailer, and there are no other vehicles or people in sight. The sun is shining through the trees, casting a warm glow over the scene. The video also shows the truck passing by a sign that reads """"private property."""" Overall, the video appears to be peaceful and idyllic."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The camera is mounted on a moving vehicle, likely a car or truck."
2. The vehicle is driving down a dirt road surrounded by trees.
3. The vehicle passes by a white camper van parked on the side of the road.
4. The camera pans to the right, revealing a group of people standing near the camper van.
5. The people appear to be filming something with a camera.
6. The camera continues to pan to the right, revealing a clearing in the forest with a large white truck parked in the center.
7. The truck appears to be towing a trailer.
8. The camera pans up to reveal the sky, which is overcast and cloudy.
9. The camera continues to move forward, following the truck as it drives down the road.
10. The truck turns a corner and disappears from view.
"11. The camera continues to move forward, revealing a sign that reads """"forest road."""""
12. The camera pans to the left, revealing a group of people standing near the sign.
13. The people appear to be filming something with a camera.
"14. The camera pans back to the road, revealing a sign that reads """"end of forest road."""""
15. The camera continues to move forward, revealing a clearing in the forest with a large white bus parked in the center.
16. The bus appears to be empty.
17. The camera pans to the left, revealing a group of people standing near the bus.
18. The people appear to be filming something with a camera.
"19. The camera pans back to the bus, revealing a sign that reads """"camping area."""""
20. The camera continues to move forward, revealing a group of trees in the distance.
21. The camera pans to the left, revealing a group of people standing near the trees.
22. The people appear to be filming something with a camera.
"23. The camera pans back to the road, revealing a sign that reads """"end of forest road."""""
24. The camera continues to move forward, revealing a group of trees in the distance.
25. The camera pans to the left, revealing a group of people standing near the trees.
26. The people appear to be filming something with a camera.
"27. The camera pans back to the road, revealing a sign that reads """"end of forest road."""""
28. The camera continues to move forward, revealing a group of trees in the distance.
29. The camera pans to the left, revealing a group of people standing near the trees.
30. The people appear to be filming something with a camera.
"31. The camera pans back to the road, revealing a sign that reads """"end of forest road."""""
32. The camera continues to move forward, revealing a group of trees in the distance.
33. The camera pans to the left, revealing a group of people standing near the trees.
34. The people appear to be filming something with a camera.
"35. The camera pans back to the road, revealing a sign that reads """"end of forest road."""""
36. The camera continues to move forward, revealing a group of trees in the distance.
37. The camera pans to the left, revealing a group of people standing near the trees.
38. The people appear to be filming something with a camera.
"39. The camera pans back to the road, revealing a sign that reads """"end of forest road."""""
40. The camera continues to move forward, revealing a group of trees in the distance.
41. The camera pans to the left, revealing a group of people standing near the trees.
42. The people appear to be filming something with a camera.
"43. The camera pans back to the road, revealing a sign that reads """"end of forest road."""""
44. The camera continues to move forward, revealing a group of trees in the distance.
45. The camera pans to the left, revealing a group of people standing near the trees.
46. The people appear to be filming something with a camera.
"47. The camera pans back to the road, revealing a sign that reads """"end of forest road."""""
48. The camera continues to move forward, revealing a group of trees in the distance.
49. The camera pans to the left, revealing a group of people standing near the trees.
50. The people appear to be filming something with a camera.
"51. The camera pans back to the road, revealing a sign that reads """"end of forest"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The camera is mounted on a moving vehicle and captures the view of a forest road."
2. A white truck is seen driving on the road.
3. The truck passes by a group of people standing on the side of the road.
4. The truck continues driving and turns left onto another road.
"5. The camera shows a sign that reads """"private property"""" and a gate."
6. The truck stops in front of the gate and the people get out.
7. The people start walking towards a building in the distance.
8. The camera follows the people as they approach the building.
"9. The people enter the building and the video ends."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a woman and a man riding bicycles in an indoor space with graffiti on the walls. They perform various tricks and stunts on their bikes, including jumping over obstacles and doing wheelies. The woman also wears a black t-shirt with the words """"pure fix"""" on it. The video is set to upbeat music and has a positive and energetic tone."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video begins with a close-up shot of a bicycle wheel spinning in front of a graffiti-covered wall. The camera then pans to reveal a woman sitting on a couch in a dimly lit room, wearing a black t-shirt and holding a microphone. She introduces herself as a bmx rider and explains that she is going to perform a trick on her bike."

The woman then stands up and walks over to her bike, which is parked next to a wall adorned with colorful graffiti. She puts on a helmet and adjusts her bike's settings before mounting it and pedaling away.

The camera follows her as she rides through a dimly lit warehouse, weaving in and out of obstacles and performing various tricks on her bike. She then stops in front of the camera and smiles, looking directly into the lens.

The video ends with a shot of the woman's bike parked next to the couch, with the camera focusing on her helmet and microphone. The screen then fades to black.

"Overall, the video showcases the woman's skill and expertise as a bmx rider, highlighting her ability to perform complex tricks and navigate obstacles with ease. The use of a dimly lit warehouse setting adds to the sense of excitement and energy, making for an engaging and visually appealing viewing experience."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of people riding bicycles in an indoor space with graffiti on the walls. The riders perform various tricks and stunts, including jumping over obstacles and doing wheelies. The video also features close-up shots of the bikes and their riders. Overall, the video has an energetic and playful atmosphere."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,The video shows a woman and a man riding bicycles in an indoor space with graffiti on the walls. They are wearing black t-shirts and performing various tricks on their bikes. The woman is wearing a headband and the man is wearing a cap. They are both smiling and having fun while riding their bikes. The video is set to upbeat music and the overall atmosphere is positive and energetic.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person riding a bicycle in an indoor space with graffiti on the walls. The person performs various tricks on the bike, including jumping over obstacles and doing wheelies. At one point, the person drops the bike and picks it up, demonstrating their skill and agility. The video also includes close-up shots of the bike and the person's feet as they pedal and perform tricks. Overall, the video showcases the person's expertise in biking and their ability to perform impressive feats on a bicycle."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person riding a bicycle and performing tricks, such as jumping over an object and doing wheelies. The person is wearing a black t-shirt and a cap, and they are in a large, empty space with graffiti on the walls. The video also shows the person talking to the camera and making gestures with their hands. Overall, the video appears to be a promotional video for a bicycle stunt show or competition."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The video starts with a close-up shot of a bicycle."
2. A man wearing a black t-shirt and a cap is riding the bicycle in an indoor space.
3. The man performs various tricks on the bicycle, including jumping over an obstacle and doing a wheelie.
4. The man then stops the bicycle and gets off, leaving the bicycle in the middle of the room.
5. The camera then shows a close-up shot of the bicycle's wheels.
6. The man then picks up the bicycle and starts riding it again, performing more tricks.
7. The video ends with the man stopping the bicycle and looking directly at the camera.

"Overall, the video showcases a man performing various tricks on a bicycle in an indoor space. The man is wearing a black t-shirt and a cap, and he performs the tricks with ease and skill. The video is well-edited and visually appealing, making it an enjoyable watch for anyone interested in bicycle tricks or action sports."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a bicycle wheel spinning in front of a graffiti-covered wall. The camera then pans to the left to reveal a man in a black t-shirt and jeans standing next to the bike. He is wearing a helmet and holding a pair of handlebars."

The man then mounts the bike and begins to ride it around the room, making various jumps and tricks. The camera follows him as he performs a series of stunts, including wheelies, bunny hops, and manuals.

At one point, the man stops in front of a large orange cone and performs a wheelie over it. He then dismounts the bike and walks away, leaving the cone behind.

The video ends with a shot of the man standing next to the bike, looking satisfied with his performance.

"The exact time range for each event or action is not provided in the video, but it can be inferred that the man performs a series of stunts on the bike throughout the video."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a woman and a man riding bicycles in an indoor space. The woman is wearing a black t-shirt and the man is wearing a white t-shirt. They are both performing tricks on their bikes, such as jumping over obstacles and doing wheelies. The woman also does a handstand on her bike. The video ends with the woman and man riding away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The speaker introduces two BMX riders."
2. The riders perform various tricks on their bikes.
3. The camera focuses on the riders' feet and wheels as they perform jumps and spins.
4. The riders land safely on the ground after each trick.
5. The speaker provides commentary on the riders' performances.
"6. The video ends with the riders riding away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 0:00 - The speaker introduces the video and explains that they will be testing a new product."

0:05 - The speaker shows the product, which is a set of handlebars for a bicycle.

0:10 - The speaker explains that the handlebars are designed to provide more control and comfort while riding.

0:15 - The speaker demonstrates the handlebars by mounting them on a bicycle and riding around a parking lot.

0:30 - The speaker explains that the handlebars are adjustable and can be customized to fit different riding styles and preferences.

0:35 - The speaker demonstrates the adjustability of the handlebars by adjusting the height and angle.

"0:40 - The speaker concludes the video by summarizing the benefits of the handlebars and encouraging viewers to try them out."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a group of people in a parking lot, and one person is trying to change a tire on a car. They are having difficulty getting the lug nuts off, and they are discussing different methods for doing so. Eventually, they are able to get the tire changed and put the spare tire on the car. The video also shows some damage to the car's bumper and wheels."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a man and a woman standing next to a car in a parking lot. The man is holding a tire and the woman is looking at it. The man then proceeds to remove the tire from the car and place it on the ground. The woman then picks up a piece of paper from the ground and examines it. The man then picks up a tool from the trunk of the car and uses it to tighten the lug nuts on the tire. The video ends with the man and woman standing next to the car, looking at the tire."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. The man and woman are standing next to a car in a parking lot.
2. The man is holding a tire and the woman is looking at it.
3. The man removes the tire from the car and places it on the ground.
4. The woman picks up a piece of paper from the ground and examines it.
5. The man picks up a tool from the trunk of the car and uses it to tighten the lug nuts on the tire.
"6. The man and woman are standing next to the car, looking at the tire."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of people gathered around a car in a parking lot. They are trying to fix a flat tire on the car by removing the spare tire from the trunk and replacing it with the flat tire. The people are working together to solve the problem, and they appear to be having a good time despite the inconvenience of the flat tire. The video is positive in nature and does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people standing near a car in a parking lot. They are discussing the condition of the car's tire and trying to fix it. The tire appears to be damaged, and the people are trying to find a solution to the problem. They are also discussing the possibility of replacing the tire with a new one. The video does not provide any information about the location or the time of day."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people standing near a car in a parking lot. One person is holding a tire and appears to be checking it for damage. Another person is standing nearby, looking at the tire as well. The people in the video are all wearing casual clothing, and there is a sense of camaraderie among them. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people standing next to a car in a parking lot. They are discussing and examining a tire that has been damaged. The people in the video are trying to determine the cause of the damage and whether it can be fixed. They also mention that the tire may need to be replaced. The video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A man and a woman are standing next to a car in a parking lot."
2. The man is holding a tire iron and the woman is holding a tire.
3. The man is trying to change the tire on the car, but he is having trouble getting the lug nuts off.
4. The woman suggests using a tire iron to loosen the lug nuts, and the man agrees.
5. The man successfully removes the lug nuts and the tire comes off the car.
"6. The man and the woman continue to work on the car, possibly changing other tires or performing other maintenance tasks."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" 1. A man and a woman are standing next to a car in a parking lot."
2. The man is holding a tire iron and the woman is holding a tire.
3. The man is trying to change the tire on the car.
4. The woman is helping him by holding the tire in place.
5. The man successfully changes the tire and they both put the tools away.
6. The man and woman get back into the car and drive away.

"Therefore, the exact time range for each event or action in the video is not provided, but the sequence of events suggests that the tire change took place within the time frame of the video."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a group of people standing next to a car in a parking lot. They are trying to remove a tire from the car, but they are having difficulty. One person suggests using a jack to lift the car, but another person suggests using a tire iron. They continue to struggle with the tire, and eventually, they are able to remove it. The video ends with the group of people celebrating their success."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A man and a woman are standing next to a car in a parking lot."
2. The man is holding a tire iron and a tire.
3. The woman is holding a bag of chips.
4. The man is trying to change a flat tire on the car.
5. The woman is offering to help.
6. The man thanks the woman for her assistance.
7. The man and the woman continue to work on the tire.
8. The man successfully changes the tire.
9. The man and the woman sit in the car and eat the chips.
10. The man thanks the woman for her help again.
"11. The man and the woman drive away in the car."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A man and a woman are standing next to a car in a parking lot."
2. The man is holding a tire iron and the woman is holding a tire.
3. The man is trying to change the tire on the car.
4. The man successfully changes the tire and puts the spare tire on the car.
"5. The man and the woman are satisfied with their work and continue on with their day."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video is about a dog named obie, who is a dachshund, and his owner, who is trying to help him lose weight. The video shows obie eating a large amount of food from a bowl, and the owner expressing concern about his health. The video also shows obie being weighed and measured, and the owner discussing the importance of maintaining a healthy weight for dogs. The video ends with the owner expressing hope that obie will be able to live a longer, healthier life."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a dog named obie, who is a dachshund, being presented on a television show. The dog is described as being the largest dachshund in the world, weighing 135 pounds. The dog's owners are interviewed, and they discuss how they came to own such a large dog and how they care for him. The video also shows the dog eating food from a bowl and interacting with the show's hosts. The video ends with the dog being praised for his size and unique appearance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of people, including a dog, gathered around a table on a television show. The dog is being weighed and measured, and the people are discussing its size and health. The dog appears to be a dachshund, and the people seem to be excited and curious about its appearance and condition. The video also shows the dog being given food from a bowl, and the people are commenting on its eating habits and appetite. Overall, the video suggests that the group is participating in a pet show or event, and the dog is being evaluated and showcased for the audience."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a dog named obie, who is a dachshund, being interviewed on a news show. The dog is lying on a table, and the interviewer is asking questions about the dog's weight and health. The dog appears to be overweight, and the interviewer mentions that the dog has been put on a diet. The video also shows the dog being weighed and measured. The main contexts in the video are the interview setting and the discussion about the dog's health and weight."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a dog named obie, who is a dachshund, being presented on a television show. The dog is obese and has been put on a diet to help him lose weight. The dog is shown eating from a bowl of food, and the hosts of the show discuss the importance of proper nutrition and exercise for pets. The video also shows the dog being weighed and measured to track his progress. Additionally, the video mentions that the dog's owner, dachshund rescue of new england, is working with the dog to help him get back to a healthy weight."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a dog named obie, who is a dachshund, being presented on a television show. The dog is shown lying on a table, and the hosts of the show are discussing its size and weight. The dog is also shown eating food from a bowl. The video also shows the dog being petted and interacting with the hosts. The dog appears to be a large and friendly animal. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A dog named obie is being introduced on a news show."
2. The dog is described as being overweight and having a large appetite.
3. The dog's owner, a man named dachshund, is shown feeding the dog a bowl of food.
4. The dog is seen eating the food enthusiastically.
5. The dog's owner discusses the challenges of caring for an overweight dog and the importance of maintaining a healthy weight for the animal's health.
6. The dog is shown sitting on a couch, looking content after eating.
"7. The news anchor thanks the dog's owner for bringing the dog to the show and wishes the audience a good day."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video begins with a dog named obie, who is a dachshund, being presented on a television show. The host and a guest discuss obie's weight and how he came to be overweight. They then show obie eating food from a bowl on a table. The video ends with obie being petted and praised by the host and guest."

Therefore, the exact time range for each event or action in the video is as follows:

0:00 - Introduction of obie the dachshund
0:15 - Discussion of obie's weight and how he became overweight
0:30 - Showing obie eating food from a bowl on a table
"0:45 - Praise and petting of obie by the host and guest."",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a group of people, including a dog, on a television show. The dog is a dachshund and is being interviewed by the host. The dog is sitting on a table and is being petted by the host. The dog appears to be happy and relaxed. The host asks the dog some questions, and the dog responds by barking and wagging its tail. The video also shows the dog eating food from a bowl. Overall, the video is cute and entertaining."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A dog named obie is introduced as the world's largest dachshund."
2. The dog's owners, a couple, discuss their decision to put obie up for adoption due to his size and health issues.
3. Obie is shown eating from a large bowl of food.
4. The couple talks about the challenges of caring for a large dog and the importance of finding a suitable home for him.
5. Obie is shown lying down on a table, looking sad.
6. The couple discusses the potential benefits of obie being in a new home, such as increased mobility and a better quality of life.
"7. The video ends with a call to action for viewers to share the video and help find a new home for obie."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 0:00 - The host introduces a segment about a dog named obie"
0:10 - The host shows a picture of obie, a dachshund, and mentions that he is the largest dachshund in the world
0:15 - The host introduces the owner of obie, who is sitting next to him
0:20 - The owner talks about how obie came to live with him and how he became so large
0:30 - The host asks the owner about obie's diet and exercise routine
0:40 - The owner talks about obie's diet, which consists of a special formula of dog food
0:50 - The host asks the owner about obie's exercise routine and mentions that he has a treadmill
1:00 - The owner talks about how obie uses the treadmill and how it helps him maintain his weight
1:10 - The host asks the owner about any health issues obie has and mentions that he has a condition called megaesophagus
1:20 - The owner talks about how obie's condition affects his ability to eat and drink
"1:30 - The host thanks the owner for coming on the show and mentions that obie is a unique and interesting dog."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a man and a woman standing next to each other in front of a wall with bicycle wheels on it. The man is holding a bicycle and the woman is holding a t-shirt with the word """"zach"""" on it. The man then puts the t-shirt on the bicycle and rides away. The video also shows the man and woman riding their bicycles on the street and talking to each other."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a man riding a bicycle on a bridge. He then stops and checks his bike, adjusting the handlebars and wheels. The man then puts on a helmet and rides away. The video ends with a close-up shot of the man's face as he smiles and waves to the camera."

The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature, as it does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It also provides helpful and accurate information, as the man is seen adjusting his bike and wearing a helmet for safety.

"Therefore, the video is suitable for all audiences and can be used to promote safe cycling practices."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a man and a woman standing in front of a wall with bicycles hanging on it. The man is adjusting the brakes on his bike while the woman looks on. The video then cuts to a close-up of the man's hand as he tightens the brake cable. The video ends with the man and woman smiling at the camera."

"There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a man and a woman standing in front of a wall with bicycles hanging on it. The man is adjusting the brakes on his bike, while the woman looks on. The video then cuts to a close-up of the man's hand as he tightens the brake cable. The video ends with a shot of the man and woman smiling at the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a man and a woman standing in front of a wall with bicycles hanging on it. The man is adjusting the brakes on his bike while the woman looks on. The man then puts on a helmet and rides away. The video ends with a close-up shot of the man's bike.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a man and a woman standing in front of a wall with bicycle wheels on it. The man is holding a bicycle and the woman is holding a t-shirt. The man is putting the t-shirt on the bicycle and the woman is looking at him. The man then puts the t-shirt on the bicycle frame and the woman smiles at him. The video repeats this sequence several times.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a man and a woman standing in front of a bike shop with a lot of bicycles and bike parts displayed. The man is holding a bike and the woman is standing next to him. The man is adjusting the handlebars of the bike and the woman is looking at him. The video then cuts to a close-up shot of the man's hand as he tightens a bolt on the handlebars. The video ends with the man and woman smiling at the camera.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a man and a woman standing in front of a wall with bicycles hanging on it. The man is holding a white bicycle and the woman is holding a red bicycle. They both look at the camera and smile. The man then puts his bicycle down and the woman does the same. They both then walk away from the camera."

The video does not provide any information about the time range in which each event or action happens. However, it can be assumed that the events or actions in the video occur within a short time frame.

"Therefore, the answer is: The video does not provide enough information to determine the exact time range in which each event or action happens."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a man and a woman standing next to each other in front of a wall with bicycle wheels. The man is holding a white bicycle and the woman is wearing a gray t-shirt. The man is adjusting the brakes on the bicycle and the woman is looking at him. The video also shows close-up shots of the bicycle and the wheels.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A man and a woman are standing in front of a bike shop."
2. The man is adjusting the brakes on his bike.
"3. The woman is holding a t-shirt with the word """"bike"""" on it."
4. The man puts the t-shirt on the bike and rides away.
5. The woman smiles and waves goodbye.
6. The camera pans out to show the bike shop and the surrounding area.
"7. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A man and a woman are standing next to each other, holding bicycles."
2. The man is adjusting the handlebars of his bike.
3. The woman is looking at the man's bike and then at her own.
4. The man is putting a sticker on his bike.
5. The woman is putting a sticker on her bike.
6. The man and the woman are smiling at the camera.
7. The man and the woman are riding their bikes away from the camera.

"Note: The video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a man sitting at a table in a restaurant and talking about a dish he is about to eat. He describes the dish as having crispy skin and juicy meat, and mentions that it is served with a side of greens. The man then takes a bite of the dish and expresses his enjoyment of it. The video also shows close-up shots of the dish and the restaurant's decor."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" 0:00 - The video starts with a close-up shot of a man's face."

0:03 - The man is seen sitting at a table in a restaurant, holding a piece of bread in his hand.

0:06 - The man takes a bite of the bread and chews it.

0:09 - The man looks up and smiles at the camera.

0:12 - The camera pans out to show the rest of the table, which is set with various dishes and condiments.

0:15 - The man picks up a piece of chicken and dips it into a sauce.

0:18 - The man takes a bite of the chicken and closes his eyes in delight.

0:21 - The man looks up and smiles at the camera again.

"0:24 - The video ends with a close-up shot of the man's face."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a man sitting at a table in a restaurant, holding a piece of fried chicken in his hand. He takes a bite of the chicken and makes a satisfied expression. The camera then pans out to show the rest of the table, which is set with various dishes and condiments. The man then takes a bite of a sandwich and compliments the chef for the quality of the food. The video ends with the man finishing his meal and leaving the restaurant."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a man sitting at a table in a restaurant, holding a piece of fried chicken in his hand. He takes a bite of the chicken and makes a satisfied expression. The camera then pans out to reveal a plate of food on the table, including a salad and a piece of bread. The man then puts the chicken down and picks up a piece of bread, spreading butter on it before taking a bite. The video ends with the man looking up at the camera and smiling."

"The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are a restaurant setting, with the man sitting at a table and eating food. The video focuses on the man's actions and expressions as he eats the chicken and bread. The camera work is steady and the lighting is good, allowing for clear and detailed visuals of the food and the man's face. Overall, the video is a simple and straightforward depiction of a man enjoying a meal in a restaurant."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a man sitting at a table in a restaurant, holding a piece of fried chicken in his hand. He takes a bite of the chicken and makes a satisfied expression. The camera then pans to a plate of food on the table, which includes a salad and a piece of bread. The man then takes a bite of the bread and makes another satisfied expression. He then looks directly at the camera and says, """"this is great food."""" The video ends with a close-up of the man's face as he continues to eat."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a man sitting at a table in a restaurant, and he is eating a sandwich with chicken and bread. He is also talking to someone off-camera, and he is using his hands to demonstrate something. The man is wearing a blue shirt, and there are several other items on the table, including a plate of food and a glass of water. The video also shows close-up shots of the sandwich and the man's hands."

There are several repeated events or actions in the video. The man is sitting at the table and eating the sandwich. He is also talking to someone off-camera, and he is using his hands to demonstrate something. The camera also shows close-up shots of the sandwich and the man's hands.

Additionally, the man is wearing a blue shirt, and there are several other items on the table, including a plate of food and a glass of water. The video also shows the man looking at the camera and smiling.

"Overall, the video shows a man eating a sandwich in a restaurant, and there are several repeated events or actions, including the man sitting at the table, talking to someone off-camera, and using his hands to demonstrate something. The video also shows close-up shots of the sandwich and the man's hands, as well as other items on the table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The speaker is sitting at a table in a restaurant."
2. He is holding a piece of fried chicken in his hand.
3. He takes a bite of the chicken and makes a satisfied expression.
4. He puts the chicken down on the table and picks up a piece of bread.
5. He spreads butter on the bread and takes a bite.
6. He looks up and smiles at the camera.
7. The camera zooms out to show the rest of the table, which is set with various dishes and condiments.
8. The speaker picks up a bottle of hot sauce and pours some onto his plate.
9. He takes another bite of the chicken and chews thoughtfully.
10. The camera pans out to show the entire restaurant, which is bustling with activity.
11. The speaker looks around and nods approvingly.
"12. The video ends with a close-up of the speaker's face, as he continues to enjoy his meal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a man's face, and he is sitting at a table in a restaurant. He is holding a piece of fried chicken in his hand and looking at it. The man then takes a bite of the chicken and makes a satisfied expression."

Next, the camera pans out to show the rest of the table, which is set with various dishes, including a salad and some bread. The man then picks up a slice of bread and spreads some butter on it.

The man then takes a bite of the bread and chews it, making a contented noise. He then looks up and smiles at the camera.

The video ends with a close-up shot of the man's face, and he is still smiling.

Therefore, the exact time range of each event or action in the video is as follows:

0:00 - 0:03: The man is sitting at a table in a restaurant and holding a piece of fried chicken.

0:04 - 0:06: The man takes a bite of the chicken and makes a satisfied expression.

0:07 - 0:10: The camera pans out to show the rest of the table, which is set with various dishes.

0:11 - 0:13: The man picks up a slice of bread and spreads some butter on it.

0:14 - 0:16: The man takes a bite of the bread and chews it, making a contented noise.

"0:17 - 0:19: The man looks up and smiles at the camera."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a man sitting at a table in a restaurant, holding a piece of fried chicken in his hand. He takes a bite of the chicken and makes a satisfied expression. The camera then pans to a plate of food on the table, which includes a salad and a piece of bread. The man then puts the chicken down and picks up a piece of bread, spreading butter on it. He takes a bite of the bread and makes a happy face. The video ends with the man looking contentedly at the food in front of him."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The chef is sitting at a table in a restaurant."
2. He is holding a piece of fried chicken in his hand.
3. He takes a bite of the chicken and makes a satisfied expression.
4. He puts down the chicken and picks up a piece of bread.
5. He spreads butter on the bread and takes a bite.
6. He looks up and smiles at the camera.
"7. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 0:03 - The speaker introduces himself and explains that he is a chef."

0:10 - The speaker talks about the importance of using high-quality ingredients and not being afraid to experiment with flavors.

0:21 - The speaker shows a plate of food, including a piece of fried chicken, and talks about the process of making it.

0:36 - The speaker talks about the importance of seasoning and using a variety of spices to enhance the flavor of the food.

0:50 - The speaker talks about the importance of presentation and how it can make a dish more appealing to customers.

1:03 - The speaker talks about the importance of customer service and making sure that every customer leaves the restaurant feeling satisfied.

1:16 - The speaker talks about the challenges of running a restaurant, including managing staff and dealing with unexpected issues.

1:30 - The speaker talks about the importance of staying focused on the food and not getting distracted by other things.

1:45 - The speaker talks about the importance of staying true to the vision and mission of the restaurant, even in the face of challenges and setbacks.

2:00 - The speaker talks about the importance of being adaptable and being able to pivot when necessary to keep the business running smoothly.

2:15 - The speaker talks about the importance of being passionate about the food and the business, and how that passion can help overcome challenges and setbacks.

2:30 - The speaker talks about the importance of being a good communicator and being able to effectively communicate with customers and staff.

2:45 - The speaker talks about the importance of being a good leader and being able to inspire and motivate staff to perform at their best.

3:00 - The speaker talks about the importance of being a good listener and being able to effectively respond to customer feedback and concerns.

3:15 - The speaker talks about the importance of being a good problem solver and being able to effectively address issues and challenges that arise in the restaurant.

3:30 - The speaker talks about the importance of being a good team player and being able to work effectively with others to achieve common goals.

3:45 - The speaker talks about the importance of being a good learner and being able to continuously improve and adapt to new situations and challenges.

4:00 - The speaker talks about the importance of being a good communicator and being able to effectively communicate with customers and staff to build strong relationships and foster a positive work environment.

4:15 - The speaker talks about the importance of being a good listener and being able to effectively respond to customer feedback and concerns to build trust and loyalty.

4:30 - The speaker talks about the importance of being a good problem solver and being able to effectively address issues and challenges that arise in the restaurant to maintain a high level of service and quality.

4:45 - The speaker talks about the importance of being a good team player and being able to work effectively with others to achieve common goals and build a strong, cohesive team.

5:00 - The speaker talks about the importance of being a good learner and being able to continuously improve and adapt to new situations and challenges to stay ahead of the competition and provide the best possible service to customers.

5:15 - The speaker talks about the importance of being a good communicator and being able to effectively communicate with customers and staff to build strong relationships and foster a positive work environment.

5:30 - The speaker talks about the importance of being a good listener and being able to effectively respond to customer feedback and concerns to build trust and loyalty and ensure that every customer leaves the restaurant feeling satisfied and happy.

5:45 - The speaker talks about the importance of being a good problem solver and being able to effectively address issues and challenges that arise in the restaurant to maintain a high level of service and quality and keep the business running smoothly.

6:00 - The speaker talks about the importance of being a good team player and being able to work effectively with others to achieve common goals and build a strong, cohesive team that can adapt to new situations and challenges and provide the best possible service to customers.

6:15 - The speaker talks about the importance of being a good learner and being able to continuously improve and adapt to new situations and challenges to stay ahead of the competition and provide the best possible service to customers.

6:30 - The speaker talks about the importance of being a good communicator and being able to effectively communicate with customers and staff to build strong relationships and foster a positive work environment that can help the business thrive and grow.

"6:45 - The speaker talks about"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a beekeeper opening a beehive and removing the honeycomb. The bees are busy flying in and out of the hive. The beekeeper explains that the bees have been working for four weeks to produce honey. He also mentions that the bees are not aggressive and that they are important for pollinating plants. The video ends with the beekeeper closing the hive and walking away.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video begins with a close-up shot of a beehive, and then the camera pans out to reveal a person wearing a beekeeping suit and holding a smoker. The person opens the hive and removes a frame of honeycomb, revealing a swarm of bees. The person then uses a hive tool to pry open the entrance of the hive and smoke the bees to calm them down. The person then removes the frame of honeycomb and extracts the honey using a honey extractor. The video ends with the person closing the hive and walking away."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. Close-up shot of a beehive
2. Person wearing a beekeeping suit and holding a smoker approaches the hive
3. Person opens the hive and removes a frame of honeycomb
4. Person uses a hive tool to pry open the entrance of the hive and smokes the bees to calm them down
5. Person extracts the honey using a honey extractor
"6. Person closes the hive and walks away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a beekeeper opening a beehive and removing the honeycomb. The bees are busy flying in and out of the hive. The beekeeper also mentions that the bees are preparing for winter by storing honey. The video also shows the bees building new comb. Overall, the video provides a glimpse into the life of bees and the work of a beekeeper."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a beekeeper opening a beehive and examining the honeycomb inside. The bees are busy flying in and out of the hive. The beekeeper also mentions that the bees have been working for four weeks and that the honeycomb is full of honey. The video also shows the beekeeper removing some honeycomb from the hive and placing it in a container. Overall, the video provides a close-up view of the bees and their honeycomb."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a person opening a beehive and observing bees inside. The person also mentions that they have been observing the bees for a week and that the bees have been building comb. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from the hive and examining it closely. The person also mentions that they have been monitoring the bees for a week and that they have been building comb. The video also shows the person removing a frame from,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person opening a beehive and observing bees inside. The person also mentions that they will be checking the bees every two weeks. Therefore, the repeated events in the video are checking the bees in the hive every two weeks."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a person opening a beehive and observing bees inside. The person then closes the hive and walks away."

Here is a more detailed sequence of events:

1. The camera shows a close-up view of a beehive.
2. A person's hand is seen reaching towards the hive.
3. The person opens the hive and a swarm of bees is visible inside.
4. The person closes the hive and walks away.

"Therefore, the video shows a person observing bees in a hive."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a beekeeper opening a beehive and removing the honeycomb. The bees are busy flying in and out of the hive. The beekeeper also mentions that the bees are producing honey and that they will be opening the hive every two weeks to check on them."

At one point, the beekeeper uses a smoker to calm the bees and prevent them from getting agitated. He then carefully removes the honeycomb from the hive and sets it aside.

The video also shows the beekeeper examining the honeycomb for signs of disease or pests. He mentions that the bees are healthy and that the honeycomb looks good.

Finally, the beekeeper closes the hive and leaves the area. The video ends with a shot of the beehive in the forest.

"Overall, the video provides a fascinating glimpse into the world of beekeeping and the important role that bees play in pollinating plants and producing honey."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person opening a beehive and removing the honeycomb. The bees are buzzing around the hive, and the person carefully extracts the honeycomb without disturbing the bees. The honeycomb is then placed in a container, and the person closes the hive. The video also shows the person wearing protective clothing, including a beekeeping suit and gloves. The video ends with the person closing the hive and walking away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A person is shown approaching a beehive."
2. The person opens the beehive and removes the inner cover.
3. The person removes the frames from the hive.
4. The person checks the frames for brood and honey.
5. The person removes the queen excluder.
6. The person adds a new frame to the hive.
7. The person closes the hive and walks away.
"8. The camera shows bees flying around the hive."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A person is shown approaching a beehive in a forest."
2. The person opens the beehive and removes the honeycomb.
3. The person examines the honeycomb and notices that it is full of bees.
4. The person closes the beehive and walks away.
5. The camera pans out to show the forest surroundings.
6. The person returns to the beehive and removes the honeycomb again.
7. The person examines the honeycomb more closely and notices that it is covered in bees.
8. The person puts on protective gear and begins to harvest honey from the honeycomb.
9. The person carefully extracts the honey from the honeycomb using a knife.
10. The person places the honey in a container and closes the beehive.
11. The camera shows the person walking away from the beehive with the honey container in hand.
"12. The video ends."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video is about a news reporter and a cameraman visiting a bee farm and interviewing the owner. The owner explains how they use a bee suit to protect themselves from bee stings while collecting honey. The reporter also shows the process of extracting honey from the beehives.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a news anchor reporting on a beekeeping operation. The anchor then introduces a guest, a beekeeper, who is wearing a yellow suit and a beekeeper hat. The beekeeper explains that he is using a new method of beekeeping called """"top bar hives,"""" which allows bees to build their own comb. The video then shows the beekeeper opening a hive and removing frames filled with honey. The beekeeper also explains that he is using a method called """"swarming,"""" which involves splitting a hive into two smaller hives to prevent the bees from swarming and leaving the hive. The video ends with the beekeeper closing the hive and walking away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a news reporter and a cameraman reporting live from a construction site where they are discussing the progress of the project and the challenges they have faced. The reporter is wearing a yellow hard hat and a pink shirt, while the cameraman is wearing a white shirt and a blue hat. They are standing in front of a large excavator and a pile of dirt, with construction equipment and tools in the background. The reporter mentions that they have been working on the site for several days and that they have encountered some difficulties, but they are making progress and are optimistic about the future of the project. The video ends with the reporter thanking the viewers for watching and signing off."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video is about a news report where a reporter and a cameraman are reporting live from a construction site. They are discussing the progress of the construction project and the challenges they have faced. The reporter is wearing a yellow hard hat and a pink shirt, while the cameraman is wearing a white shirt and a black hat. They are standing in front of a building that is under construction, and the camera shows the surrounding area, including a dirt road and some trees. The reporter mentions that the construction project is taking longer than expected due to the rainy season, and they are trying to work around the weather conditions. The video also shows some construction equipment, including a crane and a bulldozer, and the reporter mentions that they have been able to complete some of the work despite the challenges. Overall, the video provides an informative and engaging look at the construction process and the challenges faced by those working on the project."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a news reporter and a cameraman reporting live from a construction site. The reporter is wearing a yellow hard hat and a pink shirt, and she is standing in front of a large hole in the ground. The cameraman is filming her as she talks about the construction project and the progress being made. The reporter mentions that the project is expected to be completed by the end of the year, and she encourages viewers to stay tuned for more updates. The video also shows some construction workers in the background, and there are some tools and equipment visible in the shot. Overall, the video appears to be a news report about a construction project, and it provides some information about the progress being made and the expected completion date."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a news reporter and a cameraman reporting on a beekeeping operation. The reporter is wearing a yellow hat and a pink shirt, and the cameraman is filming the reporter as they walk around the beekeeping operation. The reporter explains that the bees are being kept in hives, and they are being used to pollinate crops. The reporter also mentions that the bees are being used to make honey, and they are being sold to local markets. The video also shows the reporter and the cameraman interacting with the beekeepers and observing the bees in their hives. Overall, the video highlights the importance of bees in agriculture and the role of beekeeping in producing honey and pollinating crops."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a news anchor reporting live from a construction site. The anchor is wearing a yellow hard hat and a pink shirt. She is standing in front of a large excavator and talking about the progress of the construction project. The camera then shows a close-up of the excavator as it moves dirt and debris. The anchor continues to report on the project, mentioning that it is expected to be completed by the end of the year. The video ends with the anchor signing off and the screen going black."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video does not provide a clear sequence of events or actions with exact time ranges. However, it appears that the speaker is discussing a beekeeping operation and the importance of protecting bees from pesticides and other harmful chemicals. The speaker also mentions the use of protective clothing and equipment for beekeepers. Additionally, the video shows footage of bees in a hive and the speaker discussing the importance of maintaining healthy hives and avoiding the use of antibiotics in beekeeping. Overall, the video emphasizes the importance of responsible beekeeping practices and the need to protect bees from harm."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a news reporter and a cameraman reporting live from a construction site. The reporter explains that the site is being used to study the behavior of bees and how they interact with each other and their environment. The reporter also mentions that the site is located in a remote area and that the team is working to ensure that the bees are not disturbed during the study. The video also shows footage of the bees flying around the site and interacting with each other.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The news anchor is reporting live from a construction site."
2. The camera pans to show a group of people in protective gear, including beekeepers.
3. The anchor explains that the group is conducting a beekeeping demonstration.
4. The camera shows the beekeepers opening a hive and removing frames filled with honeycomb.
5. The anchor explains that the bees are important for pollination and honey production.
6. The camera shows the beekeepers using smoke to calm the bees and make the extraction process easier.
7. The anchor thanks the beekeepers for their time and expertise.
"8. The camera cuts back to the studio for further coverage."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The reporter is standing in front of a barn and introduces the topic of beekeeping."
2. The reporter explains that bees are important for pollination and honey production.
3. The reporter shows footage of bees flying around and working in a hive.
4. The reporter explains that beekeepers use protective gear to avoid being stung by bees.
5. The reporter shows footage of a beekeeper wearing a suit and working with bees.
6. The reporter explains that bees are sensitive to pesticides and other chemicals, and that beekeepers need to take care to protect their hives from these threats.
7. The reporter shows footage of a beekeeper checking the health of his hives and removing any diseased or dead bees.
"8. The reporter concludes by emphasizing the importance of bees for agriculture and the need for beekeepers to take care of their hives."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a group of people, including a woman in a red hoodie, walking in the snow. They are all laughing and having fun. Suddenly, the woman slips on the ice and falls down. The others rush to help her up, and they all continue walking together."

"The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video begins with a group of people walking through a snowy forest. They are all wearing winter clothing, including hats, coats, and boots. One person is carrying a backpack, while another is carrying a large bag."

As they walk, they come across a car that has crashed into a tree. The car appears to be damaged, with its front end smashed in. The group of people gathers around the car, and one person begins to examine the damage.

Another person approaches the car from the other side, and they both begin to discuss what happened. It appears that the car was driving too fast and lost control on the icy road.

The group of people continues to discuss the accident, and they all seem to be concerned about the safety of the passengers. One person suggests that they should call for emergency services, while another suggests that they should try to help the people in the car.

As they discuss what to do, the camera pans out to show the entire scene. The forest is covered in snow, and the trees are bare. The sky is overcast, and there is a sense of urgency in the air.

"The video ends with the group of people deciding to call for emergency services and stay with the car until help arrives. They all seem to be relieved that no one was seriously injured in the accident, but they are still concerned about the safety of the passengers."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of people, including a woman in a red hoodie, walking through a snowy forest. They appear to be having fun and enjoying each other's company. At one point, the woman in the hoodie falls down in the snow, and the others help her up. The video ends with the group continuing to walk through the forest."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people, including a man and a woman, walking in the snow. They are wearing winter clothing and appear to be enjoying themselves. The man is carrying a backpack, and the woman is holding onto his arm. They seem to be in a good mood and are laughing and joking with each other. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people, including a woman in a red hoodie, walking in the snow. They are carrying bags and appear to be on a journey. The woman in the red hoodie is holding onto the back of a car, which is parked on the side of the road. The group of people is laughing and having a good time."

At one point, the woman in the red hoodie falls to the ground, and the other people in the group help her up. They continue walking, and the woman in the red hoodie is seen smiling and laughing.

The video ends with the group of people walking away from the camera, leaving the viewer with a sense of joy and happiness.

"There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The language used is socially unbiased and positive in nature. The video is factually coherent and does not contain any false information."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people, including a woman in a red hoodie, walking in the snow. They are laughing and having fun. The woman in the hoodie is holding a camera and filming the scene. The group of people is also carrying bags and other items. They appear to be on a road trip or adventure. The video ends with the group of people driving away in a car."

Therefore, the repeated events or actions in the video are:

1. Walking in the snow
2. Laughing and having fun
3. Filming the scene with a camera
4. Carrying bags and other items
5. Driving away in a car.

"There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people, including a woman in a red hoodie, walking through a snowy forest. They appear to be enjoying themselves and laughing as they walk. Suddenly, one of the men falls down in the snow, and the others rush to help him up. They all continue walking through the forest, with the woman in the red hoodie leading the way."

As they walk, they come across a car that has crashed into a tree. The group gathers around the car, and the woman in the red hoodie appears to be trying to help the driver. The others also try to assist, and they all seem concerned and worried.

The video ends with the group continuing to walk through the forest, with the woman in the red hoodie still leading the way.

"Overall, the video shows a group of people enjoying a day in the snowy forest, and highlights their kindness and concern for one another."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a group of people, including a man and a woman, walking in the snow. The man is holding a camera and filming the scene. The woman is wearing a red jacket and carrying a backpack. They are all smiling and seem to be enjoying themselves."

At one point, the man falls down in the snow, and the woman helps him up. They continue walking, and the man takes more footage of the scene.

Later, they come across a car that has crashed into a tree. The man and the woman approach the car, and the man checks to see if anyone is inside. They find that the car is empty, and they both express relief.

The video ends with the group of people continuing to walk in the snow, with the man still filming.

Therefore, the exact time range for each event or action in the video is not provided, but the sequence of events can be summarized as follows:

1. The group of people, including a man and a woman, are walking in the snow.
2. The man falls down in the snow, and the woman helps him up.
3. They come across a car that has crashed into a tree.
4. They check to see if anyone is inside the car, and find that it is empty.
"5. They continue walking in the snow, with the man still filming."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a group of people, including a woman in a red hoodie, walking in the snow. They are all smiling and having fun. Suddenly, one of the men falls down and the others help him up. They continue walking and laughing together. The video ends with the group driving away in a car."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A group of people, including a woman in a red hoodie, are walking in the snow."
2. The woman in the red hoodie falls down in the snow.
3. The people in the group help the woman up.
4. The woman in the red hoodie gets back into the car.
5. The car drives away.
6. The people in the group continue walking in the snow.
7. The camera pans out to show the surrounding area.
"8. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A group of people are walking in the snow."
2. One person falls and another person helps them up.
3. The group continues walking and eventually reaches a car.
4. The people get into the car and drive away.
"5. The video ends."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a group of people protesting in the street, holding signs and chanting. One person is seen lying on the ground, while another person is standing over him and holding a sign that reads """"silence is betrayal."""" The protesters are wearing various types of clothing, including t-shirts, hoodies, and hats. Some of them are also wearing masks. The video also shows police officers standing nearby, observing the situation. Overall, the video conveys a sense of tension and unrest."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video begins with a man holding a sign that reads """"silence is betrayal."""" The man is standing in a crowd of people, some of whom are holding signs and others are watching him. The man then raises his arms and points to the crowd, as if to address them."

Next, the camera pans to a group of people who are gathered around a man who is lying on the ground. The man appears to be unconscious, and one of the people in the crowd is trying to revive him by performing CPR.

"The video then cuts to a shot of a man holding a sign that reads """"bash the fash mob."""" The man is standing in a group of people who are wearing black shirts and holding signs with various messages. Some of the signs read """"no to fascism"""" and """"refugees welcome."""""

"The video then cuts to a shot of a man holding a sign that reads """"silence is betrayal."""" The man is standing in a crowd of people, some of whom are holding signs and others are watching him. The man then raises his arms and points to the crowd, as if to address them."

"The video then cuts to a shot of a man holding a sign that reads """"bash the fash mob."""" The man is standing in a group of people who are wearing black shirts and holding signs with various messages. Some of the signs read """"no to fascism"""" and """"refugees welcome."""""

"The video then cuts to a shot of a man holding a sign that reads """"silence is betrayal."""" The man is standing in a crowd of people, some of whom are holding signs and others are watching him. The man then raises his arms and points to the crowd, as if to address them."

"The video then cuts to a shot of a man holding a sign that reads """"bash the fash mob."""" The man is standing in a group of people who are wearing black shirts and holding signs with various messages. Some of the signs read """"no to fascism"""" and """"refugees welcome."""""

"The video then cuts to a shot of a man holding a sign that reads """"silence is betrayal."""" The man is standing in a crowd of people, some of whom are holding signs and others are watching him. The man then raises his arms and points to the crowd, as if to address them."

"The video then cuts to a shot of a man holding a sign that reads """"bash the fash mob."""" The man is standing in a group of people who are wearing black shirts and holding signs with various messages. Some of the signs read """"no to fascism"""" and """"refugees welcome."""""

"The video then cuts to a shot of a man holding a sign that reads """"silence is betrayal."""" The man is standing in a crowd of people, some of whom are holding signs and others are watching him. The man then raises his arms and points to the crowd, as if to address them."

"The video then cuts to a shot of a man holding a sign that reads """"bash the fash mob."""" The man is standing in a group of people who are wearing black shirts and holding signs with various messages. Some of the signs read """"no to fascism"""" and """"refugees welcome."""""

"The video then cuts to a shot of a man holding a sign that reads """"silence is betrayal."""" The man is standing in a crowd of people, some of whom are holding signs and others are watching him. The man then raises his arms and points to the crowd, as if to address them."

"The video then cuts to a shot of a man holding a sign that reads """"bash the fash mob."""" The man is standing in a group of people who are wearing black shirts and holding signs with various messages. Some of the signs read """"no to fascism"""" and """"refugees welcome."""""

"The video then cuts to a shot of a man holding a sign that reads """"silence is betrayal."""" The man is standing in a crowd of people, some of whom are holding signs and others are watching him. The man then raises his arms and points to the crowd, as if to address them."

"The video then cuts to a shot of a man holding a sign that reads """"bash the fash mob."""" The man is standing in a group of people who are wearing black shirts and holding signs with various messages. Some of the signs read """"no to fascism"""" and """"refugees welcome."""""

"The video then cuts to a shot of a man holding a sign that reads """"silence is betrayal."""" The man is standing in a crowd of people, some of whom are holding signs and others are watching him. The man then raises his arms and points to the crowd, as if to address them."

"The video then cuts to a shot of a"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of people gathered in a public place, some of them holding signs with various messages. One person is seen lying on the ground, while others are standing around and talking. The atmosphere appears peaceful, and there is no evidence of any harm or violence. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people protesting in the street, holding signs and chanting. One person is lying on the ground, and another person is standing over him, holding a sign that reads """"silence is betrayal."""" The protesters appear to be wearing clothing with political messages, and some of them are wearing masks. The video also shows police officers in the background. The overall tone of the video is one of protest and activism."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people gathered in a public place, with one person holding a sign that reads """"silence is betrayal."""" Another person is seen lying on the ground, and the group appears to be protesting or demonstrating. The people in the video are wearing various types of clothing, including t-shirts, hoodies, and hats. Some of them are holding signs or banners, and there is a sense of energy and excitement in the air. Overall, the video suggests that the group is engaged in some kind of political or social activism."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people holding up signs and protesting. Some of the signs have messages written on them, such as """"silence is betrayal"""" and """"sydney flash mob."""" The people are standing in a crowd, and some of them are wearing masks or hats. The video also shows a man lying on the ground, and another man standing over him and holding a sign. The overall tone of the video is positive and supportive of the protesters."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A man is holding a sign that says """"silence is betrayal."""""
2. The man is standing in a crowd of people.
3. The man is looking at the camera with a serious expression on his face.
4. The man raises his hand and points it towards the camera.
5. The man puts his hand down and walks away from the camera.
6. The camera pans to show other people in the crowd.
"7. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a group of people protesting with signs and banners. One person is holding a sign that reads """"silence is betrayal."""" Another person is seen lying on the ground with a sign in front of him that reads """"tyranny is a lie."""" The video also shows people shouting and chanting. It is not clear what the protest is about or who the people are protesting against. However, the overall tone of the video is positive and supportive of the protesters."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a group of people holding signs and protesting. One person is lying on the ground, and another person is standing over him, holding a sign that says """"silence is betrayal."""" The protesters are wearing various outfits, including t-shirts, hats, and scarves. Some of them are holding flags or banners, and others are holding signs with messages written on them. The video also shows a police officer standing nearby, observing the situation. Overall, the video conveys a sense of tension and conflict."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A man is holding a sign that reads """"silence is betrayal."""""
2. The man is surrounded by a group of people.
3. The man is speaking to the crowd.
4. The man is gesturing with his arms.
5. The man is being hugged by someone in the crowd.
6. The man is smiling and waving to the crowd.
"7. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A man is holding a sign that reads """"silence is betrayal."""""
2. The man is standing in a crowd of people.
3. The man is gesturing with his hands.
4. The man is speaking into a microphone.
5. The man is being filmed by a camera.
6. The man is surrounded by other people.
7. The man is wearing a t-shirt with a political message.
"8. The man is holding a sign that reads """"tyranny is betrayal."""""
9. The man is speaking to the camera.
10. The man is being filmed from a distance.
11. The man is being filmed from a close-up angle.
12. The man is being filmed while he is speaking.
13. The man is being filmed while he is holding the sign.
14. The man is being filmed while he is gesturing with his hands.
15. The man is being filmed while he is speaking into the microphone.
16. The man is being filmed while he is surrounded by other people.
17. The man is being filmed while he is wearing the t-shirt with the political message.
18. The man is being filmed while he is holding the sign and speaking into the microphone.
19. The man is being filmed while he is gesturing with his hands and speaking into the microphone.
20. The man is being filmed while he is surrounded by other people and speaking into the microphone.
21. The man is being filmed while he is wearing the t-shirt with the political message and speaking into the microphone.
22. The man is being filmed while he is holding the sign, gesturing with his hands, and speaking into the microphone.
23. The man is being filmed while he is surrounded by other people, holding the sign, gesturing with his hands, and speaking into the microphone.
24. The man is being filmed while he is wearing the t-shirt with the political message, holding the sign, gesturing with his hands, and speaking into the microphone.
25. The man is being filmed while he is surrounded by other people, wearing the t-shirt with the political message, holding the sign, gesturing with his hands, and speaking into the microphone.
26. The man is being filmed while he is surrounded by other people, wearing the t-shirt with the political message, holding the sign, gesturing with his hands, and speaking into the microphone.
27. The man is being filmed while he is surrounded by other people, wearing the t-shirt with the political message, holding the sign, gesturing with his hands, and speaking into the microphone.
28. The man is being filmed while he is surrounded by other people, wearing the t-shirt with the political message, holding the sign, gesturing with his hands, and speaking into the microphone.
29. The man is being filmed while he is surrounded by other people, wearing the t-shirt with the political message, holding the sign, gesturing with his hands, and speaking into the microphone.
30. The man is being filmed while he is surrounded by other people, wearing the t-shirt with the political message, holding the sign, gesturing with his hands, and speaking into the microphone.
31. The man is being filmed while he is surrounded by other people, wearing the t-shirt with the political message, holding the sign, gesturing with his hands, and speaking into the microphone.
32. The man is being filmed while he is surrounded by other people, wearing the t-shirt with the political message, holding the sign, gesturing with his hands, and speaking into the microphone.
33. The man is being filmed while he is surrounded by other people, wearing the t-shirt with the political message, holding the sign, gesturing with his hands, and speaking into the microphone.
34. The man is being filmed while he is surrounded by other people, wearing the t-shirt with the political message, holding the sign, gesturing with his hands, and speaking into the microphone.
35. The man is being filmed while he is surrounded by other people, wearing the t-shirt with the political message, holding the sign, gesturing with his hands, and speaking into the microphone.
36. The man is being filmed while he is surrounded by other people, wearing the t-shirt with the political message, holding the sign, gesturing with his hands, and speaking into the microphone.
"37. The man is being filmed while"",1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a veterinarian examining a golden retriever dog in a clinic. The veterinarian checks the dog's ears, eyes, and teeth, and administers medication to the dog. The dog seems to be calm and cooperative during the examination. The veterinarian also explains the importance of regular check-ups for dogs to maintain their health."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" 1. The veterinarian is examining a golden retriever dog."
2. The veterinarian is applying ear drops to the dog's ears.
3. The veterinarian is petting the dog and talking to it.
4. The veterinarian is giving the dog a treat.
5. The veterinarian is thanking the dog for being a good patient.
6. The veterinarian is finishing up the examination and sending the dog home.
7. The dog is leaving the veterinary clinic with its owner.
8. The veterinarian is waving goodbye to the dog and its owner.
9. The video ends.

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. Examination of a golden retriever dog by a veterinarian.
2. Application of ear drops to the dog's ears.
3. Petting and talking to the dog.
4. Giving the dog a treat.
5. Finishing up the examination and sending the dog home.
"6. Waving goodbye to the dog and its owner."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a veterinarian examining a golden retriever dog in a clinic. The veterinarian checks the dog's ears, eyes, and mouth, and administers medication to the dog. The dog appears to be calm and cooperative during the examination. The veterinarian also explains the importance of regular check-ups for dogs to maintain their health and prevent potential health issues."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a veterinarian examining a golden retriever dog in a clinic. The veterinarian is holding the dog's ear and applying ear drops. The dog appears to be calm and relaxed during the examination. The veterinarian explains that the dog has an ear infection and needs to be treated with ear drops. The video also shows the veterinarian talking to the dog's owner and explaining the treatment plan. Overall, the video highlights the importance of regular veterinary care for pets."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" 1. A man in a white coat is examining a golden retriever dog in a veterinary clinic."
2. The man is applying a topical solution to the dog's ear.
3. The man is talking to the dog and petting it.
4. The man is explaining the procedure to the camera.
5. The man is using a cotton swab to clean the dog's ear.
6. The man is applying a topical solution to the dog's ear canal.
7. The man is using a microscope to examine the dog's ear canal.
8. The man is explaining the importance of cleaning a dog's ears regularly.
9. The man is praising the dog for being a good patient.
10. The man is thanking the dog for allowing him to examine its ear.
11. The man is putting the dog back in its cage.
12. The man is washing his hands before leaving the clinic.
13. The man is closing the door to the clinic.
"14. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a veterinarian examining a golden retriever dog and administering medication to it. The veterinarian is also seen talking to the dog's owner and explaining the treatment plan. The dog appears to be calm and cooperative during the examination. The video also shows the veterinarian using a stethoscope to listen to the dog's heartbeat and checking its ears and eyes. The veterinarian is wearing a white coat and appears to be professional and competent in his work. The video is filmed in a veterinary clinic or hospital setting. The dog is a patient in the clinic, and the veterinarian is providing medical care to it. The video is positive in nature and does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A man in a white coat is examining a golden retriever dog."
2. The man applies a liquid substance to the dog's ear.
3. The man then uses a cotton swab to clean the dog's ear.
4. The man praises the dog for being a good patient.
5. The man finishes the examination and the dog is given a treat as a reward.
6. The man thanks the dog for coming to the clinic.
"7. The video ends with the man smiling and the dog wagging its tail."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" 1. The dog is being examined by a veterinarian."
2. The veterinarian is applying a topical medication to the dog's ear.
3. The veterinarian is explaining the procedure to the dog's owner.
4. The dog is being held by the owner while the veterinarian works on its ear.
5. The veterinarian is using a cotton swab to clean the dog's ear.
6. The veterinarian is applying a topical medication to the dog's ear canal.
7. The veterinarian is explaining the importance of ear care to the dog's owner.
8. The dog is being released back to its owner.

"The entire procedure takes approximately 2 minutes and 30 seconds."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a veterinarian examining a golden retriever dog in a clinic. The veterinarian checks the dog's ears and applies ear drops. The dog seems calm and relaxed during the examination. The veterinarian also talks to the dog's owner and explains the importance of regular ear cleaning for dogs.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A man and a woman are in a veterinary clinic with a golden retriever."
2. The man is holding a bottle of ear drops and the woman is holding the dog's ear.
3. The man applies the ear drops to the dog's ear.
4. The woman pets the dog and talks to it.
5. The man and woman discuss the dog's health and the importance of ear care.
"6. The man and woman thank each other for their help and the video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 0:02 - The veterinarian is examining a golden retriever named max"
0:08 - The veterinarian is checking max's ears for signs of infection
0:13 - The veterinarian is applying ear drops to max's ears
0:18 - The veterinarian is checking max's teeth for any signs of dental issues
0:23 - The veterinarian is giving max a treat as a reward for good behavior during the examination
"0:28 - The veterinarian is thanking the owner for bringing max in for a check-up."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows an airplane landing on a runway at an airport, with trees and a city in the background. The airplane is a large commercial jet, and it can be seen touching down on the runway and coming to a stop. The video also shows the airplane's wings and engines as it lands."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows an airplane taking off from an airport runway, with trees and a city skyline visible in the background. The airplane is a large commercial jet, and it appears to be flying at a low altitude as it leaves the runway. The video also shows the airplane's wings and engines, as well as the smoke and exhaust trails it leaves behind. The video ends with a shot of the airplane climbing into the sky."

Here is a possible timeline of events in the video:

* The video begins with a shot of an airport runway and trees in the background.
* An airplane is seen approaching the runway, with its wings and engines visible.
* The airplane begins to take off from the runway, with smoke and exhaust trails visible behind it.
* The airplane climbs into the sky, with the city skyline visible in the background.
* The video ends with a shot of the airplane flying at a low altitude, with its wings and engines still visible.

"Overall, the video shows an interesting and visually appealing scene of an airplane taking off from an airport runway. The use of a wide-angle lens and a steady camera angle helps to capture the details of the airplane and the surrounding environment, making for an engaging and informative viewing experience."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows an airplane landing on a runway at an airport, with trees and buildings visible in the background. The airplane is seen approaching the runway, touching down, and coming to a stop. The video also shows the airplane's wheels making contact with the runway surface. The video is filmed from a distance, providing a clear view of the landing process. The video is set to music, adding to the overall atmosphere. The video is visually appealing and provides a sense of excitement and adventure. Overall, the video is a great representation of the experience of watching an airplane land at an airport."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows an airplane taking off from an airport runway, with a cityscape visible in the background. The time of day is sunset, and the sky is orange and pink. The video also shows the plane's wings and engines as it gains altitude. The overall mood is peaceful and serene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows an airplane taking off from an airport runway, with trees and a city skyline visible in the background. The plane appears to be a large commercial airliner, and it is shown flying over the landscape as it climbs into the sky. There is no dialogue or other audio in the video, but the visuals suggest that the plane is departing on a scheduled flight. Overall, the video presents a peaceful and serene scene of aviation in action."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows an airplane taking off from an airport runway, with a view of trees and a city in the background. The airplane is a large commercial jet, and it is seen lifting off the ground and climbing into the sky. The video also shows the airplane's wings and engines as it takes off. The video is filmed from a distance, and the camera is positioned to show the entire runway and the surrounding area. The video is shot in a clear, bright day, with a blue sky and some clouds in the background. The video is also filmed at a slow speed, allowing the viewer to see the details of the airplane and the runway as it takes off. Overall, the video is a peaceful and calming depiction of an airplane taking off from an airport."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. An airplane is approaching the runway for landing."
2. The airplane touches down on the runway.
3. The airplane slows down and comes to a stop.
4. The airplane taxis off the runway and onto the apron.
5. The airplane's engines are shut down.
6. Passengers disembark from the airplane.
7. Ground crew personnel begin to service the airplane.
8. The airplane is towed to a gate for departure.
9. Passengers board the airplane for their next destination.
"10. The airplane takes off from the runway and flies away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows an airplane taking off from an airport runway, with trees and buildings visible in the background. The time range for each event or action is as follows:"

0:00 - 0:03: The airplane begins to taxi down the runway.

0:03 - 0:06: The airplane picks up speed and begins to lift off the ground.

0:06 - 0:09: The airplane soars into the sky, leaving the runway behind.

0:09 - 0:12: The airplane continues to climb higher and higher, with the city skyline visible in the background.

Therefore, the exact time range for each event or action in the video is as follows:

Taxiing on the runway: 0:00 - 0:03

Lifting off the ground: 0:03 - 0:06

Flying higher and higher: 0:06 - 0:09

Soaring into the sky: 0:09 - 0:12

"Overall, the video shows a smooth and successful takeoff of an airplane from an airport runway."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows an airplane landing on a runway at an airport, with trees and buildings visible in the background. The plane is seen touching down on the runway and coming to a stop. The video also shows the plane's wheels making contact with the tarmac as it comes to a halt. The video ends with a close-up view of the plane's landing gear."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. An airplane is seen taking off from an airport runway."
2. The airplane flies over a city skyline at sunset.
3. The airplane lands safely on the runway.
4. The airplane taxis to the gate area.
5. The airplane comes to a stop and the passengers disembark.
6. The airplane is seen parked at the gate area.
"7. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. An airplane is seen taking off from an airport runway."
2. The airplane gains altitude and flies over a city skyline.
3. The airplane continues to fly, leaving a trail of contrails in the sky.
4. The camera pans to the right, revealing more of the city skyline.
5. The airplane disappears from view as it flies away.
6. The camera remains focused on the city skyline, with the sun setting in the background.
"7. The video ends."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a paraglider flying over a beautiful landscape with mountains, lakes, and green forests. The paraglider flies over a cliff and then lands safely on a grassy field. The video is shot from the paraglider's perspective, giving the viewer a unique perspective of the stunning scenery. The video is visually appealing and showcases the beauty of nature. It is a great way to relax and enjoy the outdoors. The video is also a reminder of the importance of living life to the fullest and experiencing new adventures. Overall, the video is a great example of the beauty and excitement of paragliding."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person skydiving over a beautiful landscape with mountains, a lake, and a blue sky. The person jumps from a plane and opens their parachute, enjoying the view and the thrill of the experience. The video is shot from a first-person perspective, giving the viewer a unique perspective of the jump. The person lands safely on the ground, and the video ends with a shot of the person standing and looking at the landscape."

The video does not provide any specific timeline or events, but it is clear that the person is skydiving and enjoying the beautiful scenery. The video is visually stunning and captures the excitement and adventure of skydiving. It is a great example of the thrill and beauty of this extreme sport.

"The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature, as it showcases the beauty and excitement of skydiving without any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is a great way to inspire and motivate people to try new things and explore the world from a unique perspective."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person skydiving over a beautiful landscape with mountains, a lake, and a blue sky. The person jumps from a plane and freefalls towards the ground, capturing stunning views of the surrounding area. The video provides a unique perspective of the landscape and the thrill of skydiving. It is an exciting and visually appealing experience that showcases the beauty of nature and the adrenaline rush of skydiving."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person paragliding over a scenic landscape, with a focus on the stunning views of mountains, water, and greenery. The camera captures the paraglider's perspective as it soars above the landscape, providing a unique and breathtaking perspective of the natural beauty of the area. The video also showcases the thrill and excitement of paragliding, as the paraglider navigates through the air and experiences the wind and the sensation of flight. Overall, the video is an impressive and visually stunning representation of the joys and thrills of paragliding in a beautiful natural setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person skydiving over a beautiful landscape with mountains, a lake, and a green valley. The person jumps from a plane and opens their parachute, enjoying the view and the feeling of freefall. The video also shows the person landing safely on the ground, surrounded by nature. Overall, the video captures the excitement and thrill of skydiving and the breathtaking beauty of the natural environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person skydiving over a mountainous landscape with a blue lake in the background. The person is wearing a parachute and is seen freefalling from a great height before deploying the parachute and safely landing on the ground. The video also shows the person's perspective as they fly over the mountains and the lake, providing a breathtaking view of the scenery. The video is shot in a professional and high-quality manner, making it an exciting and visually stunning experience for the viewer."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a person paragliding over a beautiful landscape with mountains, a lake, and a river. The person flies over the water and the mountains, capturing stunning views of the natural surroundings. The video also shows the person landing safely on the ground. Overall, the video is an exciting and visually stunning representation of paragliding in a beautiful natural environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a person paragliding over a mountainous landscape with a blue lake in the background. The camera captures the breathtaking views of the mountains, lake, and surrounding greenery. The person glides through the air, enjoying the thrill of the experience. The video also shows the person landing safely on a grassy area, surrounded by nature. Overall, the video is visually stunning and captures the excitement and beauty of paragliding in a scenic location."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person skydiving over a beautiful landscape with mountains, a lake, and a river. The camera captures the breathtaking view from the sky, providing a unique perspective of the natural beauty below. The person jumps from a plane and freefalls towards the ground, experiencing the thrill of skydiving. The video also shows the parachute opening, allowing the person to safely land on the ground. Overall, the video showcases the excitement and adventure of skydiving in a stunning natural setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A person is seen paragliding over a mountain range."
2. The camera pans to reveal a beautiful blue lake below.
3. The paraglider flies closer to the lake, offering a stunning view of the surrounding landscape.
4. The person in the paraglider lands safely on the shore of the lake.
5. The camera shows the person getting out of the paraglider and walking away from the water's edge.
"6. The video ends with a shot of the person walking away from the lake, leaving the viewer with a sense of awe and wonder."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A person is seen paragliding over a mountain range."
2. The camera pans to reveal a beautiful lake surrounded by mountains.
3. The paraglider descends towards the lake, providing a bird's-eye view of the landscape.
4. The person lands safely on the shore of the lake.
5. The video ends with a close-up of the paraglider and the person smiling.

"Note: The video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows two brown bears playing and interacting with each other in a forested area. They are seen climbing trees, eating leaves, and exploring their surroundings. The bears appear to be enjoying each other's company and engaging in playful behavior. The video is filmed in a natural setting and provides a glimpse into the lives of these majestic animals in their habitat."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows two brown bears playing and interacting with each other in a forested area. They are seen climbing trees, eating, and resting. The bears appear to be enjoying each other's company and engaging in typical bear behavior. The video is filmed in a natural setting, and the bears appear to be in good health and well-fed. The footage is visually appealing and provides a glimpse into the lives of these magnificent animals. Overall, the video is a positive and entertaining representation of brown bears in their natural habitat."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows two brown bears playing and interacting with each other in a forested area. They are seen climbing trees, eating leaves, and resting on branches. The bears appear to be enjoying their time together, and their behavior is playful and curious. The video also shows the beauty of the natural environment, with trees, leaves, and a clear blue sky in the background. Overall, the video is a delightful and entertaining glimpse into the lives of these majestic animals."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows two brown bears playing and climbing on a tree in a forest. The bears are seen eating leaves and branches, and one bear is seen hanging upside down from the tree. The video also shows a person observing the bears from a distance. The bears appear to be enjoying their time in the forest, and the video provides a peaceful and relaxing viewing experience."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows two brown bears climbing and playing on a tree branch in a park. One bear is eating leaves from the tree, while the other bear is observing and interacting with its companion. The bears are in their natural habitat, and their actions suggest that they are enjoying each other's company and exploring their surroundings. The video also highlights the beauty and diversity of nature, as well as the importance of preserving habitats for wildlife."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a brown bear climbing a tree and eating leaves. The bear is seen climbing up the tree and then eating the leaves from the branches. The bear repeats this action several times throughout the video. Additionally, the bear is seen walking on the ground and sniffing around its surroundings. Overall, the video showcases the natural behavior of a brown bear in its habitat."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows two brown bears sitting on a tree branch in a forest. One bear is eating leaves from the tree, while the other bear is looking around. The bears seem to be enjoying their time in the forest and are not causing any harm to each other or their surroundings. The video also shows the beauty of the forest and the trees, as well as the natural behavior of the bears. Overall, the video is a peaceful and enjoyable scene of two bears in their natural habitat."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a brown bear climbing a tree and eating leaves. The bear is seen climbing up the tree and then eating the leaves from the branches. The video also shows the bear's face and body as it eats the leaves. The bear appears to be enjoying its meal and seems content in its natural habitat. The video is filmed in a forested area with trees and green foliage visible in the background. The bear's actions suggest that it is in a playful mood and is enjoying its time in the tree. Overall, the video provides an entertaining and informative glimpse into the life of a brown bear in its natural habitat."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows two brown bears playing and interacting with each other in a natural setting. They are seen climbing trees, eating, and exploring their surroundings. The bears appear to be enjoying themselves and seem to be in good health. The video is filmed in a beautiful outdoor environment, with lush green trees and a clear blue sky in the background. Overall, the video is a delightful and entertaining glimpse into the lives of these majestic animals."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A brown bear is seen climbing a tree and eating leaves."
2. The bear falls from the tree and lands on its back.
3. The bear gets up and walks away.
4. The bear returns to the tree and continues eating leaves.
5. The bear falls from the tree again and lands on its side.
6. The bear gets up and walks away once more.
7. The bear returns to the tree for the third time and successfully climbs back up.
"8. The bear continues eating leaves in the tree."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A brown bear is seen climbing a tree and eating leaves."
2. The bear falls from the tree and lands on the ground.
3. The bear gets up and walks away.
4. The bear returns to the tree and continues eating leaves.
5. The bear falls from the tree again and lands on the ground.
6. The bear gets up and walks away, leaving the tree.
7. The bear is seen walking in the forest.
8. The bear stops and looks around before continuing to walk.
9. The bear comes across a stream and drinks from it.
10. The bear continues walking in the forest.
11. The bear stops and looks up at the sky.
12. The bear starts climbing a tree again.
13. The bear falls from the tree and lands on the ground.
14. The bear gets up and walks away, leaving the tree.
15. The bear is seen walking in the forest once again.
"16. The video ends with the bear walking away from the camera."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a group of people riding bicycles on an outdoor track at night. They are wearing helmets and riding in a group, with some of them performing stunts and tricks. The camera follows them as they ride around the track, and the video ends with a close-up of a person's face as they ride their bike."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a group of people riding bicycles on an outdoor track at night. The camera then focuses on a specific person riding a bicycle and performing tricks. The person is wearing a helmet and appears to be enjoying themselves. The video continues to show the person riding the bicycle and performing various stunts, such as jumping over obstacles and doing wheelies. The video ends with the person riding the bicycle off-screen."

Here is a more detailed timeline of the events in the video:

0:00 - The video starts with a group of people riding bicycles on an outdoor track at night.

0:05 - The camera focuses on a specific person riding a bicycle and performing tricks.

0:10 - The person is wearing a helmet and appears to be enjoying themselves.

0:15 - The person performs a wheelie.

0:20 - The person jumps over an obstacle.

0:25 - The person performs another trick.

0:30 - The person rides the bicycle off-screen.

"Overall, the video is a fun and exciting display of bicycle tricks performed on an outdoor track at night."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of people riding bicycles on an outdoor track at night. They are wearing helmets and riding in a pack, with some of them performing stunts and tricks. The camera follows them as they ride around the track, and there are also shots of the surrounding area, including trees and buildings. The video is set to upbeat music, and there is a sense of excitement and energy throughout. Overall, it appears to be a fun and enjoyable activity for the participants."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people riding bicycles on an outdoor track at night. The camera follows the cyclists as they ride around the track, and the video also shows the surrounding area, including trees and buildings. The cyclists are wearing helmets and other safety gear, and they appear to be enjoying themselves as they ride. The video is set to music, and the overall mood is upbeat and energetic."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people riding bicycles on an outdoor track at night. They are wearing helmets and riding in a pack, with some riders overtaking others. The camera follows the riders as they navigate the track, and there are occasional shots of the surrounding area, including trees and buildings. The video ends with a close-up of a rider's face as they cross the finish line."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people riding bicycles on an outdoor track at night. They are wearing helmets and riding in a pack, with some of them performing stunts and tricks. The camera follows them as they ride around the track, and there are several shots of the riders from different angles. Overall, the video conveys a sense of excitement and energy, with the riders appearing to be having a great time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A group of people are riding bicycles on an outdoor track at night."
2. One person is riding a bicycle in a circle around the track.
3. Another person is riding a bicycle in a straight line on the track.
4. The camera pans to show the entire track and the surrounding area.
5. The people continue to ride their bicycles on the track, with some of them passing each other.
"6. The video ends with a shot of the track and the surrounding area at night."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video starts with a group of people riding bicycles on an outdoor track at night. The camera then focuses on one person riding a bicycle and performing various tricks, such as jumping over obstacles and doing wheelies. The video also shows other people cheering and encouraging the rider."

At one point, the rider collides with another person on the track, causing both of them to fall off their bicycles. The rider quickly gets back up and continues riding, while the other person appears to be injured and is attended to by other people on the scene.

The video continues with the rider performing more tricks and stunts, including a backflip and a 360-degree turn. The video ends with the rider successfully completing a jump over a ramp and landing safely on the other side.

"Overall, the video showcases the excitement and thrill of riding bicycles on an outdoor track at night, as well as the skill and agility of the rider."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a group of people riding bicycles on an outdoor track at night. The camera follows the cyclists as they ride around the track, and the video also shows the perspective from the handlebars of one of the bikes. The cyclists are wearing helmets and other safety gear, and they appear to be enjoying themselves as they ride. The video also shows the lights on the track illuminating the area, creating a visually interesting scene. Overall, the video is a fun and engaging representation of people enjoying an outdoor activity at night."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The video starts with a group of people riding bicycles on an outdoor track at night."
2. The camera pans to show the riders from different angles.
3. One rider falls off his bike and gets up quickly.
4. The riders continue to ride, and the camera focuses on their faces and movements.
"5. The video ends with the riders riding off-screen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The video starts with a low-angle shot of a group of people riding bicycles on an outdoor track at night."
2. The camera pans to show the entire track, which is surrounded by trees and buildings.
3. The riders are seen performing various stunts and tricks on their bikes.
4. The video then shows a close-up shot of a rider performing a wheelie on the track.
5. The camera pans to show another rider performing a jump over a ramp.
6. The video ends with a shot of the group of riders riding away from the camera.

"Overall, the video showcases the excitement and thrill of nighttime bicycle riding on an outdoor track."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a bus driving through a narrow, rocky passage in a mountainous area. The bus appears to be on a tour or excursion, and the passengers can be seen looking out of the windows as they navigate the steep and winding road. The video also shows the bus passing through a tunnel, and the driver skillfully maneuvers the vehicle around sharp turns and steep inclines. Overall, the video captures the excitement and adventure of exploring a scenic and challenging terrain."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a bus driving through a narrow, rocky passageway. The bus appears to be making its way through the passage with caution, as the driver navigates the tight space. The video does not provide a specific timeline of events or actions, but it suggests that the bus is making its way through a challenging terrain."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a bus driving through a narrow, rocky passageway in a canyon. The bus appears to be navigating the tight space carefully, as the camera pans around to show the surrounding rocks and cliffs. It is unclear where the bus is going or why it is in this location. The video does not provide any context or background information about the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a bus driving through a narrow, rocky passageway. The bus appears to be on a tour or excursion, as there are several people on board. The video also shows the bus emerging from the passageway and continuing on its journey. The setting is likely to be a mountainous or rocky area, as evidenced by the rugged terrain and the presence of large rocks. The video does not provide any additional context or information about the location or the purpose of the bus trip."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a bus driving through a narrow, rocky passageway. The bus appears to be navigating the tight space with care, as it passes through the opening and continues on its journey. There is no evidence of any harm or danger to the passengers or the vehicle. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a bus driving through a narrow, rocky passageway. The bus appears to be navigating the tight space carefully, as it passes through the rocks and around a sharp turn. The video does not provide any context or explanation for why the bus is in this location or what its destination might be. However, it is clear that the driver is experienced and skilled at maneuvering the vehicle in difficult terrain."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a bus driving through a narrow, rocky passageway in a mountainous area. The bus appears to be navigating the tight space with care, as the driver maneuvers the vehicle around sharp turns and steep inclines. The video also shows the bus emerging from the passageway and continuing on its journey. Overall, the footage highlights the skill and expertise of the bus driver in navigating challenging terrain."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a bus driving through a narrow, rocky passageway. The bus appears to be navigating the tight space carefully, as the camera pans around to show the rocky walls and the bus's route. The video does not provide specific time stamps for each event or action."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a bus driving through a narrow, rocky passageway. The bus appears to be navigating the tight space carefully, as it passes through the rocks and around a sharp turn. The video does not provide any context or background information, but it is clear that the bus is making its way through a challenging terrain. Overall, the video showcases the bus's ability to maneuver through difficult conditions, highlighting its versatility and durability."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A bus is driving through a narrow, rocky passage."
2. The bus passes through a tight opening in the rock.
3. The bus emerges from the rocky passage and continues driving.
4. The camera pans out to show the bus driving on a winding mountain road.
5. The bus passes by a scenic view of the mountains and valleys below.
6. The bus continues driving, with the camera focusing on the road ahead.
7. The bus turns a corner and disappears from view.
"8. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A bus is seen driving through a narrow, rocky passageway."
2. The bus maneuvers carefully to avoid hitting the rocks on either side.
3. The bus successfully navigates the passageway and emerges on the other side.
4. The passengers in the bus appear to be excited and relieved.
"5. The bus continues on its journey, leaving the narrow passageway behind."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person walking on a dirt road in a rural area. The person is wearing sandals and the sky is cloudy. The video is filmed from a low angle, providing a close-up view of the ground and the person's feet. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person walking on a dirt road with a cloudy sky in the background. The person is wearing sandals and is walking towards the camera. The video does not include any significant events or actions, and the focus is on the person's walk and the surroundings. The video is filmed in a first-person perspective, providing a personal perspective of the scene. The video is visually appealing, showcasing the natural beauty of the landscape and the person's movement. The video is also safe and respectful, adhering to the guidelines provided."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person walking on a dirt road in a rural area. The person is wearing sandals and appears to be exploring the surroundings. The video is filmed in a first-person perspective, providing a personal perspective of the environment. The person walks through the landscape, observing the terrain and vegetation. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature. The video is suitable for all ages and can be used for educational purposes, such as teaching geography or environmental studies. The video also highlights the beauty and diversity of the natural world."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person walking on a dry, dusty field with a cloudy sky in the background. The camera follows the person's footsteps, providing a first-person perspective of the environment. The video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."

The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are:

1. The person is walking on a dry, dusty field.
2. The camera follows the person's footsteps, providing a first-person perspective.
3. The background shows a cloudy sky.
4. The video is filmed in a rural or natural setting.
5. The video does not include any significant objects or landmarks, focusing on the person's movement and the environment.

"Overall, the video offers a simple and peaceful representation of a person walking in a natural setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person walking on a dirt road with a cloudy sky in the background. The person is wearing sandals and appears to be exploring the area. The video does not contain any salient events or actions, but it offers a peaceful and scenic view of the countryside."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a person walking on a dirt road with a cloudy sky in the background. The person is wearing sandals and appears to be exploring the area. The video does not contain any repeated events or actions. It is a simple and straightforward recording of a person walking on a dirt road.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a person walking on a dirt road with a cloudy sky in the background. The person is wearing sandals and appears to be exploring the area. The camera follows the person as they walk, capturing their footsteps and the surrounding landscape. The video ends with the person continuing to walk on the dirt road."

Here is a breakdown of the events in the video:

1. The video starts with a person walking on a dirt road.
2. The person is wearing sandals and appears to be exploring the area.
3. The camera follows the person as they walk, capturing their footsteps and the surrounding landscape.
4. The person continues to walk on the dirt road, with the cloudy sky in the background.
5. The video ends with the person continuing to walk on the dirt road.

"Overall, the video presents a peaceful and serene scene of a person walking on a dirt road in a natural setting. The use of a handheld camera adds a personal touch to the footage, making it engaging and relatable to the viewer."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a person walking on a dirt road with a cloudy sky in the background. The person wears sandals and walks towards the camera. The video does not provide specific time stamps for each event or action, but it can be assumed that the events occur in real-time as the person walks along the road. The video lasts for approximately 10 seconds."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person walking on a dirt road with a cloudy sky in the background. The person is wearing sandals and appears to be exploring the area. The video does not contain any significant events or actions, but it offers a peaceful and serene atmosphere."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The video starts with a person walking on a dirt road."
2. The person is seen wearing sandals.
3. The person walks towards the horizon, with the sun setting in the background.
4. The person stops walking and looks at the sunset.
5. The video ends with the person continuing to walk on the dirt road.

"The video shows a peaceful and serene scene of a person walking on a dirt road during sunset. The person's footsteps and the sound of the wind add to the overall ambiance of the video. The video is visually appealing and provides a calming and relaxing experience for the viewer."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The video starts with a person walking on a dirt road."
2. The person is seen walking towards the horizon.
3. The person stops and looks around, with the camera panning to show the vast, empty landscape.
4. The person starts walking again, with the camera following them.
5. The person reaches the end of the dirt road and turns around to face the camera.
6. The person waves goodbye and the video ends.

"This video shows a person walking on a dirt road in a vast, empty landscape. The person stops and looks around before continuing their journey. The video ends with the person waving goodbye to the camera."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a group of people gathered around a car that has been involved in an accident. The car appears to have been hit by a train, and there are several people standing near the scene, some of whom are looking at the damage. It is unclear from the video whether anyone was injured in the accident."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a car driving on a road, and then suddenly, the car hits a railroad crossing gate, causing it to collapse. People are seen rushing to the scene to help the driver and passengers. The car appears to be damaged, and emergency services are called to the site. The video ends with the car being towed away."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. A car is driving on a road.
2. The car hits a railroad crossing gate, causing it to collapse.
3. People rush to the scene to help the driver and passengers.
4. Emergency services are called to the site.
"5. The car is towed away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of people gathered around a car that has crashed into a railroad crossing. The car appears to be damaged, and there are people standing near the car, some of whom are looking at the damage. It is unclear what caused the accident, but it appears that the car may have hit the crossing gate. The video also shows a train passing by in the background. Overall, the scene appears chaotic and disorganized, with people rushing to help and assess the situation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people gathered around a car that has crashed into a railroad crossing. The car appears to be damaged, and there are several people standing near the scene. It is unclear what caused the accident or if anyone was injured. The video also shows a train passing by in the background. The time and location of the incident are not specified in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people gathered around a car that has crashed into a railroad crossing gate. The gate appears to be damaged, and there are several people standing near the car, some of whom are trying to help the driver. There is also a police car present, and it appears that the driver may have been injured in the accident. Overall, the scene is chaotic and disorganized, with people shouting and moving around. It is unclear what caused the accident or how serious the injuries are."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people gathered around a car that has crashed into a barrier on the side of the road. The people are trying to help the driver and passengers, who appear to be injured. Some people are trying to move the car out of the way, while others are calling for emergency services. The video also shows a crane lifting the car off the ground, and a tow truck arriving to take it away. Overall, the video shows a chaotic and dangerous situation, with people working together to help those in need."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A car is driving on a road."
2. The car hits a railroad crossing gate.
3. The gate falls onto the car, damaging it.
4. People gather around the scene of the accident.
5. Emergency services arrive to help the injured.
6. The car is towed away.
7. The gate is removed from the car.
"8. The people continue to watch as the situation is resolved."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" 1. A car is driving on a road."
2. The car hits a railroad crossing gate.
3. The gate falls onto the car, damaging it.
4. People gather around the scene of the accident.
5. Emergency services arrive at the scene.
6. The car is towed away.
7. The gate is removed from the car.
8. The people continue to watch the scene.

"The video does not provide a clear indication of the exact time range for each event or action. However, it appears that the sequence of events occurs relatively quickly, with the car hitting the gate and emergency services arriving within a few minutes."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a group of people gathered around a car that has been involved in an accident. The car appears to have hit a barrier or railing, causing damage to the vehicle. Some people are seen attempting to move the car, while others are standing nearby and watching the scene. It is unclear from the video whether anyone was injured in the accident. The video also shows a crane being used to lift the car off the ground. Overall, the video suggests that the accident occurred on a busy street or roadway, and that emergency services may have been called to the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A car is driving on a road."
2. The car hits a railroad crossing gate.
3. The gate falls onto the car, damaging it.
4. People gather around the scene of the accident.
5. Emergency services arrive at the scene.
6. The car is towed away.
7. The gate is lifted off the car.
"8. The people watch as the car is towed away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A car is driving on a road."
2. The car hits a railroad crossing gate.
3. The gate falls onto the car, damaging it.
4. People gather around the scene of the accident.
5. Emergency services arrive to help the people involved in the accident.
6. The car is towed away from the scene.
7. The gate is removed from the car.
"8. The people continue to gather around the scene, discussing the accident."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video showcases a chef preparing and cooking food on a teppanyaki grill in a restaurant. The chef skillfully flips and arranges various ingredients, including vegetables and meat, on the grill. The video highlights the chef's expertise and the unique dining experience offered by teppanyaki cooking. The video also includes close-up shots of the food being prepared, adding to the visual appeal. Overall, the video provides an engaging and informative look into the world of teppanyaki cooking."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a chef preparing and cooking food on a teppanyaki grill in a restaurant. The chef uses various cooking tools and techniques to prepare and cook the food, which includes vegetables, meat, and possibly other ingredients. The video captures the chef's skill and expertise in preparing and presenting the food to the customers. The chef interacts with the customers, adding to the overall dining experience. The video also showcases the teppanyaki grill and the restaurant's ambiance. Overall, the video highlights the art of teppanyaki cooking and the enjoyment of a unique dining experience."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a chef cooking various dishes, including vegetables and seafood, on a hot plate in a restaurant. The chef uses a spatula to flip and cook the food, creating a visually appealing and appetizing display. The video also includes a close-up view of the food being cooked, highlighting the chef's skill and expertise. Overall, the video showcases the preparation and cooking of a meal in a restaurant setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a chef cooking food on a teppanyaki grill in a restaurant. The chef uses various cooking techniques, such as flipping and tossing the food, creating an interactive and entertaining dining experience for the customers. The video also showcases the chef's skill and expertise in preparing and presenting the dishes. The teppanyaki grill is a popular cooking method in Japanese cuisine, known for its unique flavor and presentation. The video captures the essence of this culinary tradition, emphasizing the importance of skill, creativity, and customer satisfaction in the restaurant industry."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a chef preparing and cooking food on a teppanyaki grill in a restaurant. The chef uses various cooking tools and techniques to cook different dishes, including vegetables, meat, and seafood. The video also includes close-up shots of the food being cooked and served to customers. The chef's skill and expertise are evident as they skillfully maneuver the food on the grill, creating an enjoyable dining experience for the customers. The video highlights the unique and interactive nature of teppanyaki cooking, making it an entertaining and engaging experience for both the chef and the customers."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a chef cooking food on a teppanyaki grill in a restaurant. The chef uses a spatula to flip and cook various dishes, including vegetables and meat, on the grill. The video also shows the chef pouring sauce over the food and using a flame to cook it. The chef's actions are repeated throughout the video, creating a visually engaging and appetizing experience for the viewer. The video highlights the skill and artistry of the chef in preparing and presenting the food."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a chef cooking food on a hot plate in a restaurant. The chef is seen preparing and cooking various dishes, including vegetables and meat, using different cooking techniques. The food is cooked on a grill, and the chef uses a spatula to flip and turn the food. The video also shows the chef adding sauces and seasonings to the dishes. The overall atmosphere is lively and engaging, with the chef demonstrating their culinary skills and passion for cooking. The video is likely to appeal to food enthusiasts and those interested in Japanese cuisine."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a chef cooking food on a teppanyaki grill in a restaurant. The chef uses various cooking tools and techniques to prepare and cook the food, which includes vegetables, meat, and other ingredients. The video captures the chef's skill and expertise as they skillfully manipulate the food on the grill. The chef also interacts with the customers, adding to the overall dining experience. The video provides a visually engaging and informative glimpse into the world of teppanyaki cooking."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a chef cooking food on a hot plate in a restaurant. The chef uses a spatula to flip and cook various items, including vegetables and meat. The food is cooked at high temperatures, resulting in a visually appealing and appetizing display. The chef's skill and expertise are evident as they skillfully maneuver the spatula and prepare the food. The video captures the essence of a high-quality dining experience, showcasing the chef's talent and the restaurant's attention to detail."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A person is seen cooking food on a grill in a restaurant."
2. The person flips a pancake on the grill.
3. The person adds vegetables, including asparagus, to the grill.
4. The person pours a liquid, possibly oil, onto the grill.
5. The person uses a spatula to flip the vegetables on the grill.
6. The person adds shrimp to the grill.
7. The person uses a knife to cut the shrimp in half.
8. The person adds a sauce to the shrimp on the grill.
9. The person uses a fork to remove the cooked food from the grill and place it on a plate.
10. The person pours a drink, possibly wine, into a glass.
11. The person raises the glass in a toast.
12. The person takes a bite of the food and appears to enjoy it.
13. The person smiles and continues to eat.
"14. The video ends with the person finishing their meal and looking satisfied."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A person is seen cooking food on a hot plate in a restaurant."
2. The food being cooked includes vegetables and meat.
3. The person uses a spatula to flip the food on the hot plate.
4. The food is cooked until it is fully cooked and ready to be served.
5. The person then serves the food to customers at their tables.
6. The customers appear to be enjoying their meals.
7. The video ends with a close-up shot of the food being served.

"The video showcases the process of cooking and serving food in a restaurant, highlighting the skills and dedication of the chef. It also emphasizes the importance of providing high-quality meals to customers, ensuring their satisfaction and enjoyment."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a bird's eye view of the eiffel tower in paris, france, with people walking around it. The camera then pans down to show the river seine and the surrounding area. The video ends with a shot of the eiffel tower at sunset."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a view of the eiffel tower in paris, france. The camera then pans down to show people walking on the street and crossing a bridge. The camera continues to move, revealing more of the city and its landmarks, including the louvre museum and the notre-dame cathedral. The video ends with a shot of the eiffel tower at sunset."

"There is no mention of any specific timeline or events in the video, but it appears to be a tour of paris showcasing some of its famous landmarks."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a view of the Eiffel Tower in Paris, France, with people walking around and taking pictures. The camera pans up to the top of the tower, revealing its intricate structure and the blue sky in the background. The video also shows a group of people gathered at the base of the tower, taking photos and enjoying the view. Overall, the video captures the beauty and charm of the Eiffel Tower and the bustling city of Paris."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a view of the Eiffel Tower in Paris, France, with people walking around and taking pictures. The camera pans up to the top of the tower, revealing its intricate structure. The video also shows a view of the Seine River and the surrounding cityscape."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a view of the eiffel tower in paris, france, with people walking around and taking pictures. The camera then pans up to show the top of the tower, and finally zooms out to reveal a large crowd of people gathered in the area. The video ends with a shot of the tower against a blue sky."

"There is no mention of any specific events or actions taking place in the video, but it appears to be a typical tourist attraction with people coming to see and take pictures of the famous landmark."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person walking under the Eiffel Tower in Paris, France. The person takes a photo of the tower and then walks away. The video also shows a crowd of people gathered around the tower, taking photos and enjoying the view. Additionally, there are several shots of the tower itself, including a close-up of the structure and a panoramic view of the city. Overall, the video captures the beauty and popularity of the Eiffel Tower as a tourist destination."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a view of the eiffel tower in paris, france. People are walking around the area, and some are taking pictures of the iconic landmark. The camera then pans up to show the top of the tower, and finally, it zooms out to reveal the cityscape of paris in the background."

"There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video starts with a view of the Eiffel Tower in Paris, France. The camera then pans down to show people walking on the street and crossing a bridge. The camera continues to move, revealing more of the city and its landmarks, including the Seine River and the Louvre Museum."

As the video progresses, the camera shows more people walking and taking pictures, as well as a few cars driving by. The camera then focuses on a group of people gathered around a statue, possibly taking a group photo.

The video ends with a shot of the Eiffel Tower at sunset, with the sky turning pink and orange.

"Overall, the video provides a nice overview of the city of Paris and its famous landmarks, showcasing the beauty and vibrancy of the area."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a view of the Eiffel Tower in Paris, France, with people walking around the area. The camera pans up to the top of the tower, revealing its intricate structure. The video also shows a view of the Seine River and the surrounding cityscape. Additionally, there are shots of the bridge leading up to the tower, as well as a close-up of the tower's entrance. Overall, the video provides a visually stunning and informative look at one of the most iconic landmarks in the world."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The camera pans over the Eiffel Tower in Paris."
2. People are seen walking on the street and crossing a bridge.
3. The camera zooms in on the Eiffel Tower, revealing its intricate structure.
4. The camera pans out to show the surrounding area, including the Seine River and other buildings.
"5. The video ends with a close-up of the Eiffel Tower."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The camera pans up to reveal the Eiffel Tower in Paris, France."
2. The camera tilts down to show people walking on the street below.
3. The camera pans left to reveal the Seine River and the surrounding buildings.
4. The camera zooms in to show the Eiffel Tower in more detail.
5. The camera pans right to reveal a group of people gathered in front of the tower.
6. The camera tilts up to show the top of the tower and the blue sky above.
7. The camera pans left to reveal a bridge crossing the Seine River.
8. The camera tilts down to show people walking on the bridge.
9. The camera pans right to reveal a boat passing under the bridge.
10. The camera zooms out to show the entire scene, including the Eiffel Tower, the Seine River, and the surrounding buildings.
11. The camera pans left to reveal a group of people taking pictures of the tower.
12. The camera tilts down to show a man standing on the bridge, looking at the tower.
13. The camera pans right to reveal a woman walking on the street below.
14. The camera tilts up to show the top of the tower and the blue sky above.
15. The camera pans left to reveal a group of people gathered in front of the tower, taking pictures and enjoying the view.
16. The camera tilts down to show a couple holding hands and looking up at the tower.
17. The camera pans right to reveal a group of people sitting on the grass, enjoying the sunshine and the view of the tower.
18. The camera tilts up to show the top of the tower and the blue sky above.
19. The camera pans left to reveal a group of people walking on the bridge, taking pictures and enjoying the view.
20. The camera tilts down to show a boat passing under the bridge, creating a reflection on the water.
21. The camera pans right to reveal a group of people gathered in front of the tower, taking pictures and enjoying the view.
22. The camera tilts up to show the top of the tower and the blue sky above.
23. The camera pans left to reveal a group of people walking on the street below, taking pictures and enjoying the view.
24. The camera tilts down to show a man standing on the bridge, looking at the tower and taking pictures.
25. The camera pans right to reveal a group of people sitting on the grass, enjoying the sunshine and the view of the tower.
26. The camera tilts up to show the top of the tower and the blue sky above.
27. The camera pans left to reveal a group of people walking on the bridge, taking pictures and enjoying the view.
28. The camera tilts down to show a boat passing under the bridge, creating a reflection on the water.
29. The camera pans right to reveal a group of people gathered in front of the tower, taking pictures and enjoying the view.
30. The camera tilts up to show the top of the tower and the blue sky above.
31. The camera pans left to reveal a group of people walking on the street below, taking pictures and enjoying the view.
32. The camera tilts down to show a man standing on the bridge, looking at the tower and taking pictures.
33. The camera pans right to reveal a group of people sitting on the grass, enjoying the sunshine and the view of the tower.
34. The camera tilts up to show the top of the tower and the blue sky above.
35. The camera pans left to reveal a group of people walking on the bridge, taking pictures and enjoying the view.
36. The camera tilts down to show a boat passing under the bridge, creating a reflection on the water.
37. The camera pans right to reveal a group of people gathered in front of the tower, taking pictures and enjoying the view.
38. The camera tilts up to show the top of the tower and the blue sky above.
39. The camera pans left to reveal a group of people walking on the street below, taking pictures and enjoying the view.
40. The camera tilts down to show a man standing on the bridge, looking at the tower and taking pictures.
41. The camera pans right to reveal a group of people sitting on the grass, enjoying the sunshine and the view of the tower.
42. The camera tilts up to show the top of the tower and the blue sky above.
"43. The camera pans"",1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a group of people being rescued from a sinking ship by a large excavator. The people are seen climbing onto the excavator's bucket and being lifted to safety. The video also shows the excavator moving the ship to shallow water to prevent it from sinking further. The people are wearing life jackets and appear to be in distress. The video ends with the excavator successfully rescuing all of the people from the ship.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people being rescued from a sinking ship by a crane. The people are seen being lifted up and out of the water by the crane. The video also shows the crane operator working to save as many people as possible. The video ends with the people being safely transported away from the scene."

Here is a more detailed timeline of the events in the video:

0:00 - The video begins with a shot of a large ship sinking in the water.

0:03 - A group of people are seen struggling to stay afloat in the water.

0:06 - A crane is brought in to help rescue the people from the water.

0:09 - The crane begins lifting people up and out of the water.

0:12 - The people are seen being transported away from the scene in a safe and orderly manner.

0:15 - The video ends with a shot of the crane continuing to work to save as many people as possible.

"Overall, the video shows a successful rescue operation in which a crane was used to save people from a sinking ship. The people are seen being lifted up and out of the water in a safe and orderly manner, and the video ends with the crane continuing to work to save as many people as possible."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,The video shows a group of people being rescued from a sinking ship by a large excavator. The people are seen climbing onto the excavator's bucket as it lowers into the water to rescue them. The video also shows the excavator lifting the people out of the water and onto the shore. The people appear to be in distress and are wearing life jackets. The video ends with the people being helped to their feet and walking away from the shore.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people being rescued from a sinking ship by a large excavator in rough waters. The people are seen climbing onto the excavator's bucket as it lowers into the water to rescue them. The video also shows the excavator lifting the people out of the water and onto the shore. The scene is chaotic and dangerous, with large waves crashing against the ship and the excavator. The people are wearing life jackets and appear to be in distress. The video ends with the excavator driving away from the scene with the rescued people on board."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people, including soldiers, being transported on a large excavator across a body of water. The excavator is equipped with a platform that can carry several people at once. The people are seen holding onto the excavator's structure as it moves through the water. The video also shows the excavator making its way through rough waters, causing the people on board to hold on tightly. Overall, the video appears to depict a military operation or rescue mission."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people being rescued from a flooded area by a large excavator. The people are seen climbing onto the excavator and being lifted to safety. The excavator then moves to another area to rescue more people. The video also shows the excavator moving through the water and navigating around obstacles. Overall, the video highlights the importance of rescue efforts during natural disasters."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people, including men and women, being transported on a large yellow excavator across a body of water. The excavator is moving through rough waters, and the passengers are holding onto each other for support as the vehicle rocks back and forth. Some of the passengers appear to be wearing life jackets, while others are not. The video ends with the excavator coming to a stop on the other side of the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a group of people being rescued from a sinking ship by a large excavator. The excavator is used to lift the people out of the water and onto the shore. The people are seen wearing life jackets and holding onto each other as they are rescued. The video also shows the excavator being used to clear debris from the water and create a safe area for the rescue operation. The video ends with the people being taken to safety on the shore."

"The exact time range of the events in the video is not provided, but it appears to take place in a short period of time. The video does not provide any context or background information about the people being rescued or the reason for their predicament. However, it is clear that they are in danger and require immediate assistance. The excavator is used effectively to save their lives and bring them to safety."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a group of people being rescued from a sinking ship by a large excavator. The excavator is used to lift the people out of the water and onto the shore. The people are seen wearing life jackets and holding onto each other as they are rescued. The video also shows the excavator moving through the water to reach the people in need of rescue.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A group of people are seen boarding a large yellow excavator."
2. The excavator begins to move into the water.
3. The people inside the excavator are seen holding onto the sides as the water becomes rough.
4. The excavator hits a large wave, causing some of the people inside to lose their footing.
5. The excavator continues to move through the water, with the people inside holding on tightly.
6. The excavator eventually reaches the other side of the water and the people disembark.
7. The excavator is seen moving away from the shore.

"Overall, the video shows a group of people using an excavator to cross a body of water during a storm. Despite the rough conditions, they are able to make it to the other side safely."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A group of people, including men and children, are seen standing on the shore of a river."
2. A large yellow excavator approaches the shore and lowers its bucket into the water.
3. The people begin to climb into the bucket of the excavator, some holding onto each other for support.
4. The excavator slowly lifts the bucket out of the water and onto the shore, carrying the people with it.
5. The people disembark from the excavator and continue to walk away from the river.

"The video shows a group of people being rescued from a flooded area by an excavator. The excavator lowers its bucket into the water and the people climb in, allowing them to be lifted out of the water and onto the shore. The people then disembark and continue on their way."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a group of people participating in a water slide event in the mountains. They can be seen enjoying themselves and having a good time as they slide down the hill on inflatable tubes. The video captures the excitement and joy of the participants as they navigate the slide and reach the bottom. Overall, the video showcases a fun and adventurous activity that brings people together and creates memorable experiences."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people participating in a water slide event. They can be seen laughing and enjoying themselves as they slide down the hill on a blue inflatable slide. The video captures the excitement and joy of the participants as they experience the thrill of the slide. The event appears to be taking place in a scenic mountainous area, adding to the overall ambiance and adventure. The video concludes with the participants cheering and celebrating their successful slide."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of people participating in a water slide event in a mountainous area. They can be seen enjoying themselves on the slide, which is located on a hillside. The participants are seen laughing, having fun, and enjoying the thrill of the ride. The video also shows the beautiful scenery of the mountains and the surrounding green hills. Overall, the video captures the excitement and joy of the water slide event."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people participating in a water slide event in a mountainous area. They can be seen sliding down a long, blue slide, with some individuals jumping into the water at the end. The video captures the excitement and joy of the participants as they enjoy the activity. The setting is a picturesque mountain landscape, adding to the overall atmosphere of the scene. The video is likely to be popular on social media platforms due to its entertaining and visually appealing nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people participating in a water slide event in a mountainous area. They are seen sliding down a large inflatable slide, which is placed on a grassy hill. The slide is blue in color and appears to be made of a durable material. The people are enjoying themselves and laughing as they slide down the hill. The video also shows the participants gathering at the bottom of the slide, ready for their next turn. Overall, the video captures the excitement and fun of the water slide event."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows people participating in a water slide event in a mountainous area. They can be seen sliding down a large blue water slide, enjoying themselves and having a good time. The video captures multiple individuals taking turns on the slide, creating a lively and exciting atmosphere. The participants' enthusiasm and enjoyment are evident as they navigate the slide and experience the thrill of the ride. Overall, the video showcases a fun and engaging water slide event in a beautiful outdoor setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people participating in a water slide event in a mountainous area. They are seen sliding down a large inflatable water slide, enjoying themselves and having a good time. The video captures the excitement and joy of the participants as they navigate the slide and reach the end. The scene is set against a beautiful mountain backdrop, adding to the overall atmosphere of the event. The video concludes with the participants cheering and celebrating their successful completion of the water slide."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a group of people participating in a water slide event in the mountains. They are seen sliding down a long, blue water slide, laughing and enjoying themselves. The video captures the excitement and joy of the participants as they navigate the slide, with some individuals jumping into the air or splashing water. The overall atmosphere is lively and carefree, highlighting the fun and camaraderie of the event. The video concludes with a group of people gathered at the end of the slide, celebrating their successful slide and sharing their experiences. The video is set in a scenic mountainous area, adding to the overall beauty and excitement of the event."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a group of people participating in a water slide event in a mountainous area. They can be seen enjoying themselves on the slide, which is located on a hillside. The slide is blue and appears to be made of inflatable material. The participants seem to be having a great time, laughing and enjoying the experience. The video ends with a close-up shot of the slide and the people on it. Overall, the video captures the excitement and fun of the water slide event."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A group of people are seen preparing for a water slide event on a grassy hill."
2. One person is seen inflating a large blue water slide.
3. The water slide is placed on the grassy hill.
4. The group of people gathers around the water slide, some holding onto it.
5. The group of people begins to slide down the water slide, laughing and enjoying themselves.
6. The water slide reaches the end of the hill, and the group of people lands safely on the ground.
7. The group of people gathers around the water slide, smiling and celebrating their successful slide.
"8. The video ends with the group of people continuing to enjoy their day in the outdoors."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A group of people are seen on a grassy hill, preparing for a water slide event."
2. They assemble a large blue water slide on the hill.
3. The group gathers around the water slide, excitedly anticipating the activity.
4. One person is seen standing at the top of the slide, ready to slide down.
5. The person slides down the water slide, experiencing the thrill and excitement of the ride.
6. The group cheers and applauds the person as they reach the bottom of the slide.
7. The person gets up and walks away, leaving the group to prepare for the next person to slide down.
8. The group continues to enjoy the water slide event, with each person taking turns to slide down the hill.
"9. The video ends with the group laughing and enjoying themselves on the water slide."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a group of children playing in a backyard on a sunny day. They are throwing leaves into the air and running around. A dog is also present in the scene. The children are having fun and enjoying their time outside.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a group of children playing in a yard with leaves. They are then joined by a dog, and the children continue to play with the dog in the yard. The video ends with the children and dog still playing in the yard."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of children playing in a yard with fallen leaves. They are running around, throwing leaves in the air, and having fun. One child is holding a toy car, and another is carrying a backpack. The children are dressed in various colors and styles, and they appear to be enjoying their time outside. The video also shows a dog running around in the yard, adding to the playful atmosphere. Overall, the video captures a joyful and carefree moment in the lives of these children."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,The video shows a group of children playing in a backyard on a sunny day. They are throwing leaves into the air and running around. A dog is also present in the scene. The children are having fun and enjoying their time outside.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of children playing in a backyard, with one child throwing leaves into the air. The children are having fun and laughing as they play. The video also shows a dog running around in the yard. Overall, the video conveys a sense of joy and happiness."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a group of children playing in a yard with leaves on the ground. They are running, jumping, and playing with each other. The children are having fun and enjoying their time outside. There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The children are playing in the yard with leaves."
2. The children are running around and having fun.
3. The children are throwing leaves at each other.
4. The children are laughing and enjoying themselves.
5. The children are picking up leaves and putting them in a pile.
6. The children are playing with their dogs in the yard.
7. The children are running around and playing with the dogs.
8. The children are having a great time in the yard.
9. The children are waving goodbye to the camera as they leave the yard.
10. The video ends with the children waving goodbye.

Provide a summary of the video's content.
"The video shows children playing in the yard with leaves and dogs. They are having fun and laughing as they throw leaves at each other and play with their dogs. The video ends with the children waving goodbye to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a group of children playing in a backyard on a sunny day. They are running around and playing with leaves, while a dog watches them from a distance. The children are having fun and seem to be enjoying themselves. There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a group of children playing in a backyard, throwing leaves into the air. They are having fun and laughing together. The children are dressed in various colors and styles, and they seem to be enjoying their time outside. The video is filmed in a residential neighborhood, and there are houses and trees visible in the background. The children are not causing any harm or danger to themselves or others, and they are behaving in a safe and responsible manner. The video is positive in nature and does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. Children are seen playing in a yard with leaves."
2. A dog is introduced, and the children are seen interacting with it.
3. The children are seen running towards a car parked in the driveway.
4. The children are seen playing with the dog in the yard.
5. The children are seen running away from the camera, with the dog following them.
6. The children are seen playing with the dog in the yard again.
"7. The video ends with the children and the dog playing together in the yard."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. Children are playing in a yard with leaves."
2. A dog runs towards the children.
3. The children run away from the dog.
4. The dog jumps into a pile of leaves.
"5. The children continue to play in the yard."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a tour of the notre-dame cathedral in paris, france. The camera pans around the exterior of the cathedral, highlighting its intricate architecture and sculptures. The video also shows the interior of the cathedral, including its stained glass windows and ornate decorations. Throughout the video, the narrator provides historical context and information about the cathedral's significance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a close-up view of the Notre-Dame cathedral in Paris, France. The camera then pans up to reveal the intricate details of the cathedral's architecture, including its gothic arches and stained glass windows."

As the camera continues to move upwards, it reveals the statues and sculptures that adorn the cathedral's exterior. The video then shows a group of people walking towards the cathedral, with some of them stopping to take photos.

The camera then pans back to reveal the full facade of the cathedral, with the sun setting in the background. The video ends with a shot of the cathedral's towering spires, which are illuminated by the setting sun.

"Throughout the video, there is no dialogue or music, allowing the viewer to fully appreciate the beauty and grandeur of the Notre-Dame cathedral."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a tour of the notre-dame cathedral in paris, france. The camera pans across the exterior of the building, revealing its intricate architecture and sculptures. The video also shows the interior of the cathedral, with a focus on the stained glass windows and the altar. Throughout the video, the camera moves smoothly, providing a detailed and informative view of the historic site."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person walking inside a large, old building with high ceilings and stained glass windows. The person passes by various statues and sculptures, and the camera pans up to reveal the intricate architecture of the building. The video also shows the exterior of the building, with people walking in front of it. The overall atmosphere is peaceful and historic."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person walking inside a cathedral, passing by various statues and architectural features. The person also points out different parts of the cathedral, such as the stained glass windows and the intricate stonework. The video ends with a close-up view of the cathedral's entrance."

"There is no mention of any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The person's actions and language are respectful and helpful. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person walking around a cathedral and taking pictures of the interior. The person also points out different features of the cathedral, such as the stained glass windows and the intricate carvings on the walls."

"There is no repetition of events or actions in the video. However, the person's actions of taking pictures and pointing out features of the cathedral are repeated throughout the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a person walking in front of a large, old building with intricate carvings and stained glass windows. The person then enters the building and walks up a staircase, passing by various statues and sculptures. As they continue to explore the building, they come across a large, ornate altar with intricate details and designs. The video ends with a close-up shot of the altar."

Therefore, the sequence of events or actions happening in the video are:

1. A person walks in front of a large, old building.
2. The person enters the building and walks up a staircase.
3. The person passes by various statues and sculptures.
4. The person comes across a large, ornate altar.
"5. The video ends with a close-up shot of the altar."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video does not provide a clear sequence of events or actions with exact time ranges. However, it shows a person walking inside a cathedral and looking at various statues and architectural features. The person also points out some details of the cathedral, such as its tall spires and intricate carvings. The video ends with a close-up view of the cathedral's facade."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person walking inside a cathedral, passing by various statues and architectural features. The person also points out different parts of the cathedral, such as the arches and the stained glass windows. The video ends with a close-up shot of the cathedral's facade."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The camera pans across the exterior of a large, ornate building."
2. The camera focuses on a large, intricately carved stone entranceway.
3. The camera tilts up to reveal the top of the building, which appears to be a church or cathedral.
4. The camera pans across the interior of the building, revealing rows of pews and a large, ornate altar.
5. The camera zooms in on a group of people standing in front of the altar, praying or singing.
6. The camera pans across the interior of the building again, revealing more details of the architecture and decoration.
7. The camera focuses on a large, stained glass window, which is illuminated by the sunlight streaming in through it.
8. The camera pans across the exterior of the building once more, revealing the intricate details of the stonework and sculptures.
9. The camera zooms out to show the entire building, which is surrounded by a large, open plaza.
10. The camera pans across the plaza, revealing people walking and talking, as well as other buildings and structures in the background.
11. The camera focuses on a group of people gathered around a statue, taking pictures and admiring the artwork.
12. The camera pans across the plaza once more, showing the sun beginning to set in the background.
13. The camera zooms in on a group of people standing in front of the statue, looking up at the sky and taking pictures.
14. The camera pans across the plaza one final time, showing the sun setting behind the buildings and structures in the background.
"15. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 0:00 - The camera is panning around the exterior of a large, gothic cathedral."

0:05 - The camera focuses on the intricate stone carvings on the cathedral's facade.

0:10 - The camera tilts up to reveal the tall, pointed arches of the cathedral's entrance.

0:15 - The camera pans to the left, revealing more of the cathedral's exterior and the surrounding cityscape.

0:20 - The camera zooms in on a group of people standing in front of the cathedral, looking up at its towering spires.

0:25 - The camera pans to the right, revealing more of the cathedral's exterior and the surrounding area.

0:30 - The camera tilts down to reveal the intricate stonework on the cathedral's base.

0:35 - The camera pans to the left, revealing more of the cathedral's exterior and the surrounding area.

0:40 - The camera zooms out to show the entire cathedral in its full glory.

0:45 - The camera pans to the right, revealing more of the cathedral's exterior and the surrounding area.

0:50 - The camera tilts up to reveal the clear blue sky above the cathedral.

0:55 - The camera pans to the left, revealing more of the cathedral's exterior and the surrounding area.

1:00 - The camera zooms in on a group of people standing in front of the cathedral, looking up at its towering spires.

1:05 - The camera pans to the right, revealing more of the cathedral's exterior and the surrounding area.

1:10 - The camera tilts down to reveal the intricate stonework on the cathedral's base.

1:15 - The camera pans to the left, revealing more of the cathedral's exterior and the surrounding area.

1:20 - The camera zooms out to show the entire cathedral in its full glory.

1:25 - The camera pans to the right, revealing more of the cathedral's exterior and the surrounding area.

1:30 - The camera tilts up to reveal the clear blue sky above the cathedral.

1:35 - The camera pans to the left, revealing more of the cathedral's exterior and the surrounding area.

1:40 - The camera zooms in on a group of people standing in front of the cathedral, looking up at its towering spires.

1:45 - The camera pans to the right, revealing more of the cathedral's exterior and the surrounding area.

1:50 - The camera tilts down to reveal the intricate stonework on the cathedral's base.

1:55 - The camera pans to the left, revealing more of the cathedral's exterior and the surrounding area.

2:00 - The camera zooms out to show the entire cathedral in its full glory.

2:05 - The camera pans to the right, revealing more of the cathedral's exterior and the surrounding area.

2:10 - The camera tilts up to reveal the clear blue sky above the cathedral.

2:15 - The camera pans to the left, revealing more of the cathedral's exterior and the surrounding area.

2:20 - The camera zooms in on a group of people standing in front of the cathedral, looking up at its towering spires.

2:25 - The camera pans to the right, revealing more of the cathedral's exterior and the surrounding area.

2:30 - The camera tilts down to reveal the intricate stonework on the cathedral's base.

2:35 - The camera pans to the left, revealing more of the cathedral's exterior and the surrounding area.

2:40 - The camera zooms out to show the entire cathedral in its full glory.

2:45 - The camera pans to the right, revealing more of the cathedral's exterior and the surrounding area.

2:50 - The camera tilts up to reveal the clear blue sky above the cathedral.

2:55 - The camera pans to the left, revealing more of the cathedral's exterior and the surrounding area.

"3:00 - The camera zooms in on a group of people standing in front of the cat"",0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person walking through a grassy area with large rocks scattered around. The person is wearing a red shirt and blue jeans, and they appear to be exploring the area. The video is filmed in a blurry, out-of-focus style, giving it a dreamlike quality."

There is no clear context or purpose for the video, and it does not provide any useful information or insights. It is simply a visual representation of someone walking through a grassy area with rocks.

"Therefore, it is not necessary to provide a detailed analysis or explanation of the video, as it does not contain any significant or meaningful content. Instead, it is simply a visual experience that may be enjoyable or interesting to some viewers."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video does not provide any clear or factually coherent information about the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. It appears to be a blurry and out-of-focus footage of a grassy area with some rocks and a construction site in the background. Without further context or information, it is not possible to accurately determine the sequence of events or actions depicted in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a grassy area with several large, round objects scattered around. It is unclear what these objects are or why they are there. The camera pans across the area, revealing more objects and a building in the background. The video does not provide any context or explanation for the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a green grassy area with large rocks scattered around. The camera pans across the scene, revealing a construction site in the background. The video appears to be filmed in a cloudy or overcast environment. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are a grassy area, large rocks, and a construction site."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a person walking through a grassy area with large stones scattered around. The person appears to be exploring the area and taking in the surroundings. There is no clear indication of any specific events or actions taking place.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person walking through a grassy area and passing by two large rocks. The person is not doing anything harmful or dangerous, and there is no illegal or toxic content in the video. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a person walking through a grassy area with large rocks scattered around. The person is wearing a blue shirt and carrying a backpack. The rocks appear to be part of a construction site, as there are cranes and other machinery visible in the background. The person walks past the rocks and continues on their way."

There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The person's actions are respectful and safe. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature.

"There is no question being asked, so no answer is provided. However, the video does show a person walking through a grassy area with large rocks scattered around. The person is wearing a blue shirt and carrying a backpack. The rocks appear to be part of a construction site, as there are cranes and other machinery visible in the background. The person walks past the rocks and continues on their way."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" I'm unable to provide a specific time range for the events or actions in the video as there is no video provided for me to analyze. However, I can suggest that the video appears to show a person walking through a grassy area and approaching two large stones. The person then appears to be filming something with a camera, but the exact content of the footage is not visible. The video ends with a close-up shot of one of the stones."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person walking through a grassy area with large rocks scattered around. The person is not visible in the video, and there is no clear context or purpose for their actions. It is unclear what the person is doing or why they are in the area. Therefore, it is not possible to provide a helpful or accurate response to the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The camera pans over a grassy area with large rocks."
2. The camera focuses on a small, green plant growing between the rocks.
3. The camera pans away from the plant and reveals a large, industrial building in the background.
4. The camera continues to pan, revealing a construction site with cranes and other heavy machinery.
5. The camera stops and focuses on a man in a hard hat, who is standing near one of the cranes.
6. The man looks up at the crane and appears to be giving instructions to someone off-screen.
7. The camera pans away from the man and the construction site, revealing a busy street with cars and pedestrians.
8. The camera continues to pan, revealing a row of houses and apartments.
9. The camera stops and focuses on a woman standing in front of one of the houses, looking up at the sky.
10. The camera pans away from the woman and the houses, revealing a large, open field.
11. The camera continues to pan, revealing a group of people gathered in the field, some of whom are holding signs and banners.
12. The camera focuses on one of the people in the group, who is speaking into a microphone.
13. The camera cuts to a close-up of the speaker's face, revealing that they are making a passionate speech.
"14. The camera pans away from the speaker and the group, revealing a large, red banner that reads """"resist."""""
15. The camera continues to pan, revealing a group of police officers standing nearby, some of whom are wearing riot gear.
16. The camera focuses on one of the officers, who is holding a baton and looking tense.
17. The camera pans away from the officers and the protesters, revealing a busy street with cars and pedestrians.
18. The camera continues to pan, revealing a large, industrial building in the distance.
19. The camera stops and focuses on a man standing in front of the building, looking up at the sky.
20. The camera pans away from the man and the building, revealing a clear, blue sky.
21. The camera continues to pan, revealing a group of birds flying overhead.
22. The camera focuses on one of the birds, which is perched on a power line.
23. The camera pans away from the bird and the power lines, revealing a large, open field.
24. The camera continues to pan, revealing a group of people gathered in the field, some of whom are holding signs and banners.
25. The camera focuses on one of the people in the group, who is speaking into a microphone.
26. The camera cuts to a close-up of the speaker's face, revealing that they are making a passionate speech.
"27. The camera pans away from the speaker and the group, revealing a large, red banner that reads """"resist."""""
28. The camera continues to pan, revealing a group of police officers standing nearby, some of whom are wearing riot gear.
29. The camera focuses on one of the officers, who is holding a baton and looking tense.
30. The camera pans away from the officers and the protesters, revealing a busy street with cars and pedestrians.
31. The camera continues to pan, revealing a large, industrial building in the distance.
32. The camera stops and focuses on a man standing in front of the building, looking up at the sky.
33. The camera pans away from the man and the building, revealing a clear, blue sky.
34. The camera continues to pan, revealing a group of birds flying overhead.
35. The camera focuses on one of the birds, which is perched on a power line.
36. The camera pans away from the bird and the power lines, revealing a large, open field.
37. The camera continues to pan, revealing a group of people gathered in the field, some of whom are holding signs and banners.
38. The camera focuses on one of the people in the group, who is speaking into a microphone.
39. The camera cuts to a close-up of the speaker's face, revealing that they are making a passionate speech.
"40. The camera pans away from the speaker and the group, revealing a large, red banner that reads """"resist."""""
41. The camera continues to pan, revealing a group of police officers standing nearby, some of whom are wearing riot gear.
"42. The camera focuses on one of the officers, who is holding a baton and looking"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The camera pans over a grassy area with large rocks scattered throughout."
2. The camera focuses on a rock with a red mark on it.
3. The camera pans to the left, revealing a large metal structure in the background.
4. The camera pans back to the rock and zooms in on the red mark.
5. The camera pans to the right, revealing another rock with a green mark on it.
6. The camera zooms out to show the entire area, including the metal structure and several other rocks with various marks on them.
7. The camera pans to the left, revealing a small building in the background.
"8. The camera zooms in on the building, revealing a sign that reads """"Welcome to the Quarry."""""
9. The camera pans back to the grassy area and zooms out to show the entire scene once again.

"The video appears to be a promotional or informational video about a quarry or mining site. The rocks and metal structures in the video suggest that the site is used for extracting minerals or other resources from the ground. The red and green marks on the rocks may indicate different types or qualities of minerals or other resources that can be found at the site. The small building in the background may be used for administrative or support functions related to the mining or extraction process. Overall, the video provides a brief overview of the quarry or mining site and its operations."",1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a group of people swimming and jumping off a rocky cliff into a river or waterfall. They are surrounded by lush greenery and a stone bridge. The scene is set in a natural environment, with the sound of water flowing in the background. The video emphasizes the importance of safety and respect for nature while enjoying outdoor activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a group of people standing on a rocky cliff near a waterfall. Some of them are jumping into the water below. Then, a man jumps off the cliff and swims under the bridge, followed by another man doing the same. The video ends with the group of people continuing to enjoy the waterfall and the surrounding natural environment."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:

1. The group of people stands on a rocky cliff near a waterfall.
2. Some of them jump into the water below.
3. A man jumps off the cliff and swims under the bridge.
4. Another man does the same.
"5. The group of people continues to enjoy the waterfall and the surrounding natural environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of people enjoying a day at a natural waterfall and bridge. They are swimming, jumping off the bridge, and having fun in the water. The bridge adds an interesting element to the scene, enhancing the overall experience. The video captures the excitement and joy of the group as they enjoy the beautiful surroundings and engage in various activities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people at a waterfall, with some of them jumping off a bridge into the water. The bridge is located in a lush green forest, and the waterfall is surrounded by rocks and trees. The video captures the excitement and joy of the people as they enjoy the natural beauty of the location. The video also highlights the importance of safety, as some of the people are seen wearing life jackets while swimming in the water. Overall, the video showcases a fun and adventurous day spent in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" 1. A group of people are seen standing on a rocky cliff near a waterfall."
2. Some individuals jump off the cliff into the water below.
3. A man swims under the bridge, while others watch from the cliff.
4. The video ends with a close-up shot of the waterfall and the bridge.

"Overall, the video showcases a group of people enjoying a day out in nature, swimming and jumping into the water, and appreciating the scenic beauty of the waterfall and bridge."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people jumping off a bridge into a river or waterfall. They are having fun and enjoying the natural surroundings. The bridge is an arch-shaped structure made of stone or concrete, and the waterfall is located nearby. The people in the video are swimming, diving, and playing in the water. The video also shows a man standing on the bridge, looking down at the water below. Overall, the video captures a lively and enjoyable outdoor activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A group of people are seen standing on a rocky outcropping near a waterfall."
2. One person jumps off the rock and into the water below.
3. Another person follows suit and jumps into the water.
4. The group of people continues to jump and swim in the water, enjoying the natural surroundings.
5. A bridge can be seen in the background, adding to the scenic beauty of the location.
"6. The video ends with the group of people continuing to enjoy the water and each other's company."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a group of people swimming and jumping off a rock into a river. They are standing on a rocky ledge under a bridge. Some people are jumping off the bridge into the water, while others are swimming in the river. The video also shows a man standing on the bridge, looking down at the people in the water. The scene is set in a lush green forest with tall trees and a clear blue sky. The video ends with a close-up shot of the waterfall and the people swimming in the river."

The video does not provide a specific time range for each event or action. However, based on the context and the sequence of events, it appears that the video captures a moment in time where a group of people are enjoying a day out in nature, swimming and jumping off rocks and bridges into a beautiful river. The video suggests that this activity is taking place in the present moment, as the people in the video are actively engaging in the activities and the scene is set in a natural environment.

Therefore, the video does not provide a clear time range for each event or action, but it suggests that the activities are taking place in the present moment. The video also implies that the activities are taking place in a natural environment, possibly in a forest or a park, as the scene is set in a lush green forest with tall trees and a clear blue sky.

"Overall, the video captures a moment in time where a group of people are enjoying a day out in nature, swimming and jumping off rocks and bridges into a beautiful river. The video suggests that this activity is taking place in the present moment and in a natural environment."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a group of people swimming and jumping off a rock into a river under a bridge. They are having fun and enjoying the natural surroundings. The bridge adds an interesting element to the scene. The video highlights the enjoyment and excitement of the people as they engage in water activities.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A group of people are seen standing on a rocky outcrop near a waterfall."
2. One person jumps off the rock into the water below.
3. Another person jumps off the rock and swims towards the waterfall.
4. The group of people continues to jump and swim in the water.
5. A man is seen standing on a bridge over the waterfall, looking down at the people below.
6. The man jumps off the bridge into the water, joining the group.
"7. The group of people continues to enjoy the waterfall and the surrounding area."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A group of people are standing near a rocky cliff with a small waterfall."
2. Some people jump off the cliff into the water below.
3. A man swims under the bridge, while others stand on the rocks and watch.
4. A woman jumps off the bridge into the water below.
5. The group of people continues to jump off the cliff and swim in the water.
"6. The video ends with the group of people still enjoying the water and the bridge."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a German Shepherd dog and a crow interacting in a backyard. The dog is sitting on the ground, while the crow is nearby. The dog appears to be trying to get the crow's attention, but the crow seems uninterested. The video also shows the dog playing with a ball and the crow flying away. Overall, the video showcases the natural curiosity and playfulness of both animals."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a dog and a crow interacting in a backyard. The dog is lying on the ground, while the crow is nearby. The dog seems to be trying to get the crow's attention, but the crow is not interested. The dog then picks up a white object, possibly a ball, and plays with it. The crow continues to ignore the dog and flies away. The video ends with the dog still playing with the ball."

The timeline of events in the video is as follows:

* The video begins with a shot of the dog lying on the ground.
* The crow enters the frame and walks around the dog.
* The dog tries to get the crow's attention by barking and moving its head.
* The crow ignores the dog and flies away.
* The dog picks up a white object, possibly a ball, and starts playing with it.
* The video ends with the dog still playing with the ball.

"Overall, the video shows a friendly interaction between a dog and a crow in a backyard. The dog seems to be trying to engage the crow, but the crow is not interested. The dog then plays with a ball, providing entertainment for the viewer."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a German Shepherd dog and a crow interacting in a backyard. The dog is sitting on the ground, while the crow is nearby. The dog appears to be trying to get the crow's attention, possibly by offering it a piece of food. The crow seems curious and approaches the dog, but eventually flies away. The video ends with the dog sitting on the ground, looking around. Overall, the video showcases a friendly interaction between a dog and a wild animal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a German Shepherd dog and a crow interacting in a backyard. The dog is lying on the ground, while the crow is nearby. The dog appears to be trying to get the crow to give it a treat, but the crow seems uninterested. The video also shows the dog playing with a ball and the crow flying away. The scene takes place in a residential area, with a house and a garden in the background. The video is filmed in a sunny day, with clear blue sky visible in some shots. The video lasts for about 30 seconds."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a German Shepherd dog and a crow interacting in a yard. The dog is sitting on the ground, while the crow is nearby. The dog is holding a white ball in its mouth and appears to be playing with it. The crow approaches the dog and tries to take the ball from its mouth. The dog growls and the crow flies away. The dog then drops the ball and the crow returns to try and take it again. The dog and the crow continue to interact, with the dog occasionally growling at the crow. The video ends with the dog and the crow looking at each other."

The video highlights the natural behavior of animals and their ability to interact with each other. It also shows the intelligence and problem-solving skills of the German Shepherd dog. The video is entertaining and provides an interesting glimpse into the lives of these animals.

"It is important to note that the video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. The interactions between the dog and the crow are natural and do not involve any harm or aggression towards each other. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a German Shepherd dog and a crow interacting with each other in a backyard. The dog is seen playing with a white ball, while the crow observes and seems curious about the ball. The dog and the crow appear to be in close proximity, and the dog seems to be enjoying the interaction. The video also shows the dog and the crow walking around the backyard, with the dog occasionally picking up the ball and the crow observing from a distance. Overall, the video showcases a friendly and playful interaction between the dog and the crow."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" A German Shepherd dog and a crow are interacting in a backyard. The dog is sitting on the ground, while the crow is nearby. The dog is holding a white ball in its mouth, and the crow is trying to get it. The dog drops the ball, and the crow picks it up. The dog then tries to get the ball back from the crow, but the crow flies away with it. The dog follows the crow, and they continue to play with the ball. Eventually, the dog gives up and sits down, while the crow flies away with the ball. The video ends with the dog looking at the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a German Shepherd dog and a crow interacting in a yard. The dog is sitting on the ground, while the crow is nearby. The dog approaches the crow and tries to take the bird's food, but the crow flies away. The dog then picks up the food and eats it. The video ends with the dog and the crow looking at each other."

The events in the video can be described as follows:

1. The German Shepherd dog is sitting on the ground in a yard.
2. A crow is nearby.
3. The dog approaches the crow and tries to take its food.
4. The crow flies away.
5. The dog picks up the food and eats it.
6. The dog and the crow look at each other.

"The time range for each event or action is not explicitly stated in the video, but it can be assumed that they occur in a relatively short period of time."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a German Shepherd and a crow interacting in a backyard. The German Shepherd is sitting on the ground, while the crow is nearby. The German Shepherd appears to be trying to get the crow's attention by offering it a piece of food. The crow seems interested and approaches the German Shepherd, but then flies away. The German Shepherd continues to look for the crow, but it eventually gives up and goes back to resting. The video ends with the German Shepherd sitting on the ground, looking around."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A German Shepherd dog is seen playing with a crow on a patio."
2. The crow tries to steal a white egg from the dog.
3. The dog tries to protect the egg from the crow.
4. The crow flies away with the egg in its beak.
5. The dog chases after the crow to retrieve the egg.
6. The dog successfully retrieves the egg from the crow.
7. The dog and the crow continue to interact, with the dog occasionally trying to take the egg back from the crow.
"8. The video ends with the dog and the crow peacefully coexisting in the yard."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A German Shepherd dog and a crow are seen in a yard."
2. The dog approaches the crow, which is sitting on the ground.
3. The dog tries to take the egg the crow is holding.
4. The crow flies away with the egg, and the dog follows it.
5. The dog catches the crow and takes the egg from its beak.
6. The dog drops the egg, and the crow flies away with it.
7. The dog looks disappointed and walks away.
"8. The video ends with the dog looking at the empty space where the crow and egg were."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a group of children playing on an inflatable water slide in a backyard. They are having fun and enjoying the water. The slide is colorful and looks like it is made of plastic. The children are wearing swimsuits and are laughing and playing together. The video is set to upbeat music and the children seem to be enjoying themselves. The video is filmed in a sunny outdoor setting and the children are having a great time. The video is a fun and enjoyable watch.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a group of children playing on an inflatable water slide. They are having fun and laughing as they slide down the slide. The camera then shows a close-up of a child's face as they reach the bottom of the slide and splash into the water. The video ends with the children continuing to play on the slide and having a great time."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. The children are playing on an inflatable water slide.
2. They are having fun and laughing as they slide down the slide.
3. A close-up of a child's face as they reach the bottom of the slide and splash into the water.
"4. The children continue to play on the slide and have a great time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of people having fun at an outdoor event. They are playing on an inflatable water slide, and some of them are sliding down the slide while others are cheering them on. The video also shows people enjoying the sunny day and having a good time together."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a group of children playing on an inflatable water slide at an outdoor event. They are having fun and enjoying the water. The slide is colorful and has different shapes and designs. The children are wearing swimsuits and are excitedly sliding down the slide into a pool of water. The video is filmed in a sunny outdoor setting, and the children are laughing and enjoying themselves. The video is positive and socially unbiased."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people having fun at an outdoor event. They are playing on an inflatable water slide, and some of them are sliding down the slide while others are cheering them on. The video also shows a person standing at the bottom of the slide, ready to help anyone who falls off. Overall, the video conveys a sense of excitement and joy."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people having fun at an outdoor event, including playing on a large inflatable water slide. The slide is colorful and has multiple levels, with people of all ages and genders participating. The video also shows people cheering and laughing as they slide down the water slide. Overall, the video conveys a sense of excitement and joy."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people playing on an inflatable water slide in a backyard. They are having fun and laughing as they slide down the slide. The video also shows a boy jumping off the slide into the water. Overall, the video captures a joyful and playful atmosphere."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a group of children playing on an inflatable water slide on a sunny day. They are having fun and laughing as they slide down the slide into a pool of water. The video also shows some children jumping into the pool from the side. Overall, the video is positive and enjoyable to watch."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a group of children playing on an inflatable water slide during a backyard party. They are having fun and enjoying the water. The slide is colorful and looks like it is made of inflatable material. The children are wearing swimsuits and are laughing and playing together. The video is set to upbeat music, making it a happy and enjoyable scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. People are seen playing on an inflatable water slide."
2. The water slide is colorful and has a large slide.
3. Children are seen sliding down the water slide.
4. The water slide is inflated and appears to be made of plastic.
5. People are having fun on the water slide.
6. The water slide is located in a grassy area.
7. The water slide is being used by multiple people at once.
8. The water slide is a popular activity for children.
9. The water slide is being used in a backyard setting.
10. The water slide is being used in a group setting.
11. The water slide is being used in a sunny day.
12. The water slide is being used in a summer setting.
13. The water slide is being used in a recreational setting.
14. The water slide is being used in a fun and playful manner.
15. The water slide is being used in a safe and secure environment.
16. The water slide is being used in a group activity.
17. The water slide is being used in a social setting.
18. The water slide is being used in a community setting.
19. The water slide is being used in a family setting.
20. The water slide is being used in a group of children.
21. The water slide is being used in a group of adults.
22. The water slide is being used in a group of people of all ages.
23. The water slide is being used in a group of people having a good time.
24. The water slide is being used in a group of people enjoying the outdoors.
25. The water slide is being used in a group of people having fun together.
26. The water slide is being used in a group of people making memories.
27. The water slide is being used in a group of people creating a fun and exciting atmosphere.
28. The water slide is being used in a group of people enjoying the summer sun.
29. The water slide is being used in a group of people enjoying the warm weather.
30. The water slide is being used in a group of people enjoying the outdoors.
31. The water slide is being used in a group of people enjoying each other's company.
32. The water slide is being used in a group of people creating a fun and playful atmosphere.
33. The water slide is being used in a group of people having a great time.
34. The water slide is being used in a group of people making memories that will last a lifetime.
35. The water slide is being used in a group of people creating a fun and exciting experience.
36. The water slide is being used in a group of people enjoying the moment.
37. The water slide is being used in a group of people having a good time together.
38. The water slide is being used in a group of people creating a fun and playful atmosphere.
39. The water slide is being used in a group of people enjoying the summer sun.
40. The water slide is being used in a group of people enjoying the warm weather.
41. The water slide is being used in a group of people enjoying the outdoors.
42. The water slide is being used in a group of people enjoying each other's company.
43. The water slide is being used in a group of people creating a fun and exciting experience.
44. The water slide is being used in a group of people having a great time together.
45. The water slide is being used in a group of people making memories that will last a lifetime.
46. The water slide is being used in a group of people creating a fun and playful atmosphere.
47. The water slide is being used in a group of people enjoying the moment.
48. The water slide is being used in a group of people having a good time together.
49. The water slide is being used in a group of people creating a fun and exciting experience.
50. The water slide is being used in a group of people making memories that will last a lifetime.
51. The water slide is being used in a group of people creating a fun and playful atmosphere.
52. The water slide is being used in a group of people enjoying the moment.
53. The water slide is being used in a group of people having a good time together.
54. The water slide is being used in a group of people creating a fun and exciting experience.
"55. The water slide is being used in a group of people"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. People are playing on an inflatable water slide."
2. The water slide is colorful and has a large slide.
3. People are jumping and sliding down the water slide.
4. The water slide is in a grassy area.
5. People are laughing and having fun on the water slide.
6. The water slide is inflatable and appears to be made of plastic.
7. The water slide has a large blue and yellow slide.
8. People are wearing swimsuits and are enjoying the water slide.
9. The water slide is located in a park or outdoor area.
10. The water slide is a popular attraction for people of all ages.
11. The water slide is a source of entertainment and enjoyment for people.
12. The water slide is a fun and exciting way to cool off on a hot day.
13. The water slide is a great way to spend time with friends and family.
14. The water slide is a popular activity for people during the summer months.
15. The water slide is a great way to get exercise and stay active.
16. The water slide is a great way to beat the heat and have fun in the sun.
17. The water slide is a great way to make memories and create lasting experiences.
18. The water slide is a great way to bond with friends and family.
19. The water slide is a great way to relieve stress and have a good time.
20. The water slide is a great way to enjoy the outdoors and have fun in the water.
21. The water slide is a great way to cool off and have a good time with friends and family.
22. The water slide is a great way to make new friends and connect with people.
23. The water slide is a great way to create a sense of community and belonging.
24. The water slide is a great way to promote physical activity and healthy living.
25. The water slide is a great way to promote water safety and awareness.
26. The water slide is a great way to promote environmental sustainability and conservation.
27. The water slide is a great way to promote positive values and behaviors.
28. The water slide is a great way to promote happiness and joy.
29. The water slide is a great way to promote creativity and imagination.
30. The water slide is a great way to promote adventure and exploration.
31. The water slide is a great way to promote fun and excitement.
32. The water slide is a great way to promote relaxation and stress relief.
33. The water slide is a great way to promote socialization and connection.
34. The water slide is a great way to promote physical fitness and wellness.
35. The water slide is a great way to promote mental health and well-being.
36. The water slide is a great way to promote personal growth and development.
37. The water slide is a great way to promote positive attitudes and behaviors.
38. The water slide is a great way to promote positive relationships and interactions.
39. The water slide is a great way to promote positive experiences and memories.
40. The water slide is a great way to promote positive values and beliefs.
41. The water slide is a great way to promote positive emotions and feelings.
42. The water slide is a great way to promote positive energy and vibes.
43. The water slide is a great way to promote positive experiences and adventures.
44. The water slide is a great way to promote positive connections and relationships.
45. The water slide is a great way to promote positive growth and development.
46. The water slide is a great way to promote positive values and beliefs.
47. The water slide is a great way to promote positive emotions and feelings.
48. The water slide is a great way to promote positive energy and vibes.
49. The water slide is a great way to promote positive experiences and adventures.
50. The water slide is a great way to promote positive connections and relationships.
51. The water slide is a great way to promote positive growth and development.
52. The water slide is a great way to promote positive values and beliefs.
53. The water slide is a great way to promote positive emotions and feelings.
54. The water slide is a great way to promote positive energy and vibes.
55. The water slide is a great way to promote positive experiences and adventures.
56. The water slide is a great way to promote positive connections and relationships.
"57. The water slide is a great way to promote positive growth"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a scuba diver exploring a coral reef in clear blue water. The diver swims over colorful corals and fish, and the camera pans across the underwater landscape. The video also shows the diver interacting with the corals and observing various marine life. The overall tone of the video is peaceful and calming."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a scuba diver swimming over a coral reef in the ocean. The diver then descends deeper into the water, and we see a close-up view of the coral and various marine life swimming around. The video continues with the diver exploring the underwater environment, and we see various fish, sea anemones, and other marine organisms. The video ends with the diver swimming away from the camera."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

0:00 - 0:05: Scuba diver swimming over a coral reef in the ocean.
0:06 - 0:10: Close-up view of the coral and various marine life swimming around.
0:11 - 0:15: Diver descends deeper into the water.
0:16 - 0:20: Close-up view of various fish, sea anemones, and other marine organisms.
0:21 - 0:25: Diver exploring the underwater environment.
"0:26 - 0:30: Diver swimming away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of scuba divers exploring a coral reef in the ocean. They are swimming over colorful corals and schools of fish, enjoying the underwater scenery. The divers are wearing scuba gear and can be seen swimming around the reef, observing the marine life. The water is clear and blue, and the sun shines brightly overhead. The divers appear to be having a great time, enjoying the beauty and diversity of the underwater world."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a scuba diver exploring a coral reef in clear blue water. The diver is seen swimming over a colorful array of corals and fish, with some sections of the video focusing on the diver's movements and interactions with the underwater environment. The video also shows the diver coming close to a large coral formation, providing a closer look at the intricate structures of the coral and the diverse marine life that inhabits it. Overall, the video offers a visually stunning and immersive experience of the underwater world."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a scuba diver exploring a coral reef in the ocean. The diver is swimming over the coral and observing the marine life. The video also shows the diver interacting with some of the coral formations. Additionally, the video shows the clear blue water and the sunlight filtering through the water. Overall, the video provides a beautiful and peaceful underwater experience."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a scuba diver swimming over a coral reef in the ocean. The diver is wearing a scuba suit and is surrounded by colorful corals and fish. The video also shows the diver exploring the reef and observing the marine life."

There are no repeated events or actions in the video, but the diver's movements and actions are consistent throughout the video. The diver swims over the coral reef, observes the marine life, and occasionally touches the corals with their hands. The video also shows the diver's perspective as they explore the reef and take in the underwater environment.

Additionally, the video shows the coral reef in detail, highlighting the various colors and shapes of the corals and the fish that inhabit the area. The video also shows the clear blue water and the sunlight filtering down through the water, creating a beautiful and vibrant underwater scene.

"Overall, the video provides a visually stunning and informative look at the underwater world and the marine life that inhabits it. The video is a great resource for anyone interested in scuba diving, marine biology, or the natural world in general."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A scuba diver is swimming over a coral reef in the ocean."
2. The diver is surrounded by colorful corals and fish.
3. The diver is exploring the reef and taking photos.
4. The diver comes across a large school of fish and swims among them.
5. The diver continues to explore the reef, taking in the beauty of the underwater world.
6. The video ends with the diver swimming away from the reef.

"Additionally, the video shows the importance of preserving coral reefs and the marine life that depends on them. It also highlights the importance of responsible diving practices to minimize impact on the environment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" I'm unable to provide a specific sequence of events or actions in the video without further context. However, I can tell you that the video shows a scuba diver swimming over a coral reef in clear blue water. The diver is surrounded by colorful corals and various types of fish. The video also shows the diver exploring the reef and interacting with the marine life. Additionally, the video shows the diver swimming deeper into the water, revealing more of the underwater landscape. Overall, the video provides a beautiful and immersive view of the coral reef and the diverse marine life that inhabits it."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a scuba diver exploring a coral reef in clear blue water. The diver is seen swimming over the colorful corals and observing various marine life, including fish and other underwater creatures. The video also highlights the beauty and diversity of the coral reef ecosystem."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The camera is underwater, showing a coral reef with various fish swimming around."
2. A scuba diver is seen swimming towards the camera.
3. The diver approaches a large coral head and begins to explore it.
4. The camera pans to show the diversity of coral and fish on the reef.
5. The diver continues to swim around the reef, observing the marine life.
6. The camera shows a close-up of a clownfish swimming among the coral.
7. The diver swims away from the coral head and the camera follows, showing the beauty of the underwater world.
"8. The video ends with a shot of the clear blue water and the sun shining through the surface."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The camera is underwater, showing a coral reef with various types of corals and fish."
2. A scuba diver is seen swimming near the coral reef.
3. The diver approaches a large coral head and swims around it, observing the coral and its inhabitants.
4. The camera pans to show a school of fish swimming in the water.
5. The diver continues to explore the coral reef, swimming over various types of corals and observing the marine life.
6. The camera shows a close-up view of a clownfish swimming among the corals.
7. The diver swims deeper into the water, passing over a large coral head covered in algae.
8. The camera shows a view of the ocean floor, with various types of corals and fish visible.
9. The diver continues to explore the coral reef, swimming over a large coral head and observing the marine life.
10. The camera shows a view of the sun setting on the horizon, casting a warm glow over the coral reef.
11. The diver swims back towards the surface, leaving the coral reef behind.
12. The camera shows a view of the ocean surface, with the sun setting in the background.
"13. The video ends."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a large airplane, possibly a Boeing 737, taking off from a beach runway in the Bahamas. The plane flies over the clear blue water and white sand beach, with people on the beach watching it take off. The video also shows a smaller plane, possibly a Cessna, flying overhead. The video is filmed from a distance, providing a unique perspective of the takeoff. The video is well-edited and visually appealing, making it an enjoyable watch. The video also includes a brief introduction explaining that it was filmed in the Bahamas and that the airplane is taking off from a beach runway. Overall, the video provides a fascinating glimpse into the world of aviation and the unique experience of watching a plane take off from a beach runway."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a large airplane, possibly a commercial jet, taking off from a runway and flying over a beach with clear blue water. People can be seen on the beach, some watching the plane take off. The video also shows a fence or barrier along the beach. It is not clear if the plane is landing or taking off at the beach or if it is flying over it. The video does not provide any context or information about the location or the people in the video. It is also not clear if the plane is a specific type or model. The video is shot from a distance and does not provide a close-up view of the plane or the people on the beach. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature. The video is shot in a clear and bright day with a blue sky and a white cloud. The video does not contain any music or sound effects. The video is shot in a steady and smooth manner. The video does not contain any text or captions. The video is shot in a wide-angle perspective. The video does not contain any logos or branding. The video does not contain any product placements or promotions. The video does not contain any references to religion or politics. The video does not contain any references to current events or news. The video does not contain any references to popular culture or entertainment. The video does not contain any references to sports or athletics. The video does not contain any references to food or drink. The video does not contain any references to travel or tourism. The video does not contain any references to technology or gadgets. The video does not contain any references to education or learning. The video does not contain any references to health or wellness. The video does not contain any references to fashion or style. The video does not contain any references to art or creativity. The video does not contain any references to animals or nature. The video does not contain any references to transportation or vehicles. The video does not contain any references to architecture or design. The video does not contain any references to music or sound. The video does not contain any references to literature or poetry. The video does not contain any references to film or television. The video does not contain any references to games or toys. The video does not contain any references to hobbies or interests. The video does not contain any references to relationships or family. The video does not contain any references to work or employment. The video does not contain any references to money or finance. The video does not contain any references to crime or law enforcement. The video does not contain any references to war or conflict. The video does not contain any references to religion or spirituality. The video does not contain any references to death or dying. The video does not contain any references to drugs or alcohol. The video does not contain any references to smoking or tobacco use. The video does not contain any references to gambling or betting. The video does not contain any references to sex or sexuality. The video does not contain any references to violence or aggression. The video does not contain any references to hate speech or discrimination. The video does not contain any references to terrorism or extremism. The video does not contain any references to suicide or self-harm. The video does not contain any references to mental health or illness. The video does not contain any references to physical health or illness. The video does not contain any references to disabilities or impairments. The video does not contain any references to addiction or substance abuse. The video does not contain any references to poverty or homelessness. The video does not contain any references to social issues or injustice. The video does not contain any references to environmental issues or climate change. The video does not contain any references to natural disasters or emergencies. The video does not contain any references to technology or innovation. The video does not contain any references to education or learning. The video does not contain any references to art or creativity. The video does not contain any references to music or sound. The video does not contain any references to literature or poetry. The video does not contain any references to film or television. The video does not contain any references to games or toys. The video does not contain any references to hobbies or interests. The video does not contain any references to relationships or family. The video does not contain any references to work or employment. The video does not contain any references to money or finance. The video does not contain any references to crime or law enforcement. The video does not contain any references to war or conflict. The video does not contain any references to religion or spirituality. The video does not contain any references to death or dying. The video does not contain any references to drugs or alcohol. The video does not contain any references to smoking or tobacco use. The video does not contain any references to gambling or betting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a large airplane flying over a beautiful beach with clear blue water and a white sandy shore. The plane appears to be landing at an airport nearby. People can be seen on the beach, some watching the plane as it approaches the runway. The video also shows a man taking a photo of the plane with his camera. Overall, the scene is peaceful and serene, with the sound of the plane's engines adding to the ambiance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a large airplane, possibly a commercial airliner, taking off from a runway and flying over a beach with clear blue water. The plane appears to be landing at an airport, possibly in the Caribbean, as it flies over the beach and a fence. The video also shows people on the beach, some of whom are taking pictures of the plane as it flies overhead. The overall atmosphere is peaceful and relaxing, with the sound of the plane's engines and the gentle sound of waves crashing on the shore. The video provides a visually stunning and memorable representation of the experience of watching a plane take off and land at the beach."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a large airplane, possibly a commercial jet, taking off from a runway and flying over a beach with clear blue water. People can be seen on the beach, some of them watching the plane take off. The video also shows a fence or barrier along the beach. The overall atmosphere is peaceful and serene, with the sound of the plane's engines and the gentle sound of waves crashing on the shore. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a large airplane, possibly a commercial jet, taking off from a runway and flying over a beach with clear blue water. People can be seen on the beach watching the plane take off. The video also shows a fence or wall along the beach. The overall scene is bright and sunny, with a clear blue sky and a calm ocean. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a large airplane, possibly a commercial airliner, taking off from a runway and flying over a beach with clear blue water. People can be seen on the beach, some of them watching the airplane as it flies overhead. The video also shows the airplane's wings and tail as it ascends into the sky. The overall mood of the video is peaceful and relaxing, with the sound of the airplane's engines adding to the sense of tranquility."

The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature.

"The video does not make any factually incoherent statements, and all information provided is accurate and truthful. If a question or statement made in the video is not factually coherent, the video explains why instead of answering something not correct. If the video does not know the answer to a question, it does not share false information."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a plane taking off from an airport runway, flying over a beach with people and a clear blue sky. The plane appears to be a large commercial airliner, and it can be seen making a smooth ascent into the sky. The beach is located near a body of water, possibly the ocean, and there are several palm trees and other vegetation visible in the background. The video also shows a person taking a photograph of the plane as it flies overhead. The overall mood of the video is peaceful and serene, making it an ideal choice for relaxation and stress relief."

The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature, and it does not include any false information. The events and actions depicted in the video are factually coherent and make perfect sense.

The video does not make any sense if it is not factually coherent, and it is important to avoid answering something not correct. If you don't know the answer to a question, it is best not to share false information. Instead, you should explain why the question does not make any sense or provide a factually accurate answer if possible.

"Overall, the video is a beautiful and captivating representation of the natural beauty of the world and the wonder of aviation. It is a great reminder of the importance of appreciating the simple things in life and the joy that can be found in the world around us."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" A large airplane takes off from a beach runway, flying over the clear blue water and white sandy beach. People on the beach watch the plane as it ascends into the sky. The scene is peaceful and serene, with the sound of the plane's engines and the gentle sound of the waves crashing on the shore. The video captures the beauty and excitement of watching a plane take off from a beach runway."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A large airplane takes off from a runway."
2. The airplane flies over a clear blue ocean.
3. People on the beach watch the airplane fly overhead.
4. The airplane lands safely at an airport.
5. The camera pans to show the airport and its surroundings.

"The video shows an airplane taking off, flying over the ocean, and landing at an airport. People on the beach watch the airplane fly overhead. The camera pans to show the airport and its surroundings."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A large airplane takes off from a runway."
2. The airplane flies over a beach with clear blue water.
3. People on the beach watch the airplane fly overhead.
4. The airplane disappears into the distance.
5. The camera pans to show the beach and the clear blue water.

"Note: The video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person riding a motorcycle on a street, passing by people and buildings. The rider wears a red bull helmet and is wearing a blue jacket. The video also shows the view from the front of the motorcycle as it rides down the street."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a view from the cockpit of a red bull racing bike as it approaches a turn in a city street. The rider is wearing a helmet and racing suit, and there are people and buildings visible in the background."

As the bike turns, the rider's perspective shifts to show the view from the front wheel, and we can see the pavement and curbs passing by. The rider then accelerates and speeds up, leaving the other riders behind.

The video continues to show the rider's perspective as they navigate through the city streets, weaving in and out of traffic and making quick turns. At one point, the rider passes by a group of people standing on the side of the road, and we can hear their cheers and applause.

"The video ends with a shot of the rider crossing the finish line and celebrating their victory. Overall, the video provides an exciting and thrilling view of a professional motorcycle race."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a motorcycle race taking place on a street in a city. The riders are wearing helmets and racing through the streets, passing by buildings and people. The camera follows the riders as they navigate the course, and we see their perspective as they turn corners and accelerate through the city. The video also shows the crowd watching the race from the sidelines. Overall, the video captures the excitement and energy of the motorcycle race."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person riding a motorcycle on a street, passing by buildings and people. The motorcycle is blue and has a red logo on it. The person is wearing a helmet and a blue jacket. There are also other motorcycles and cars on the street. The video is shot from the perspective of the motorcycle rider."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person riding a motorcycle on a street, passing by buildings and people. The motorcycle is blue and has the logo of red bull on it. The person riding the motorcycle is wearing a helmet and a blue jacket. There are also other people on the street, some of whom are watching the motorcycle pass by. The video also shows the motorcycle going through a tunnel and then coming out onto a bridge. The person riding the motorcycle is also seen doing stunts, such as jumping over obstacles and performing wheelies. Overall, the video appears to be a promotional video for the Red Bull Rookies Cup, which is a motorcycle racing series for young riders."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person riding a motorcycle on a street, passing by buildings and people. The person is wearing a red helmet and a blue jacket. The video also shows the view from the front of the motorcycle as it rides down the street."

There is no clear indication of any repeated events or actions in the video. However, the person riding the motorcycle appears to be making turns and navigating through the city. The video also shows the person passing by a group of people standing on the side of the road.

"There is no indication of any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a person riding a motorcycle on a street, passing by buildings and people. The motorcycle is blue and has a red logo on it. The person wearing a helmet is seen riding the motorcycle, and there are other people on the street watching them. The video also shows the motorcycle passing through a narrow alleyway."

The person on the motorcycle performs a wheelie and then does a jump over a ramp. The motorcycle lands safely, and the person continues to ride it down the street. The video also shows the motorcycle passing by a group of people who are cheering and clapping.

The person on the motorcycle then performs another stunt, where they ride the motorcycle up a ramp and do a backflip in the air. The motorcycle lands safely, and the person continues to ride it down the street.

The video also shows the motorcycle passing by a group of people who are watching the stunts and cheering them on. The person on the motorcycle then performs a final stunt, where they ride the motorcycle up a ramp and do a wheelie in the air. The motorcycle lands safely, and the person continues to ride it down the street.

"Overall, the video shows a person performing various stunts on a motorcycle, and the footage is captured from the perspective of the person riding the motorcycle. The video also shows the reactions of the people on the street as they watch the stunts."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" At the beginning of the video, we see a motorcycle rider wearing a red bull helmet and riding down a narrow street. The rider then performs a wheelie and passes through a crowd of people."

Next, we see the rider entering a race track and accelerating towards the finish line. The camera then shows a close-up view of the rider's face as he crosses the finish line and celebrates his victory.

Finally, we see the rider being interviewed by a reporter and discussing his victory and his plans for the future.

"The video does not provide a specific time range for each event or action, but it can be assumed that the events occur in a relatively short period of time."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person riding a motorcycle on a street, passing by buildings and people. The person is wearing a helmet and a red and blue jacket. The motorcycle is moving quickly, and the person is turning and maneuvering the bike through the city. The video also shows the person's point of view as they ride the motorcycle, giving a first-person perspective of the experience."

There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature.

There is no redundant information in the video, and the most important events or actions are highlighted. The video shows the person's perspective as they ride the motorcycle, giving a first-person perspective of the experience. The video also shows the person passing by buildings and people, giving a sense of the environment and surroundings.

There is no false information in the video, and the information presented is factually coherent. The video does not make any sense if taken out of context, and the events or actions in the video are not factually incorrect.

There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video, and the video is socially unbiased and positive in nature. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content, and the information presented is factually coherent and contextually relevant.

There is no redundant information in the video, and the most important events or actions are highlighted. The video shows the person's perspective as they ride the motorcycle, giving a first-person perspective of the experience. The video also shows the person passing by buildings and people, giving a sense of the environment and surroundings.

There is no false information in the video, and the information presented is factually coherent and contextually relevant. The video does not make any false claims or statements, and the information presented is accurate and reliable.

There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video, and the video is socially unbiased and positive in nature. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content, and the information presented is factually coherent and contextually relevant.

There is no redundant information in the video, and the most important events or actions are highlighted. The video shows the person's perspective as they ride the motorcycle, giving a first-person perspective of the experience. The video also shows the person passing by buildings and people, giving a sense of the environment and surroundings.

There is no false information in the video, and the information presented is factually coherent and contextually relevant. The video does not make any false claims or statements, and the information presented is accurate and reliable.

There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video, and the video is socially unbiased and positive in nature. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content, and the information presented is factually coherent and contextually relevant.

There is no redundant information in the video, and the most important events or actions are highlighted. The video shows the person's perspective as they ride the motorcycle, giving a first-person perspective of the experience. The video also shows the person passing by buildings and people, giving a sense of the environment and surroundings.

There is no false information in the video, and the information presented is factually coherent and contextually relevant. The video does not make any false claims or statements, and the information presented is accurate and reliable.

There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video, and the video is socially unbiased and positive in nature. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content, and the information presented is factually coherent and contextually relevant.

There is no redundant information in the video, and the most important events or actions are highlighted. The video shows the person's perspective as they ride the motorcycle, giving a first-person perspective of the experience. The video also shows the person passing by buildings and people, giving a sense of the environment and surroundings.

There is no false information in the video, and the information presented is factually coherent and contextually relevant. The video does not make any false claims or statements, and the information presented is accurate and reliable.

"There is no harmful, un"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A motorcycle rider is seen riding on a street."
2. The rider performs a stunt by jumping over a ramp.
3. The rider lands safely on the other side of the ramp.
4. The rider continues to ride on the street.
5. The rider passes by a group of people who are watching him.
6. The rider performs another stunt by doing a wheelie.
7. The rider successfully completes the wheelie and continues to ride.
8. The rider passes by a building and then turns a corner.
9. The rider comes to a stop at a red light.
"10. The rider puts on his helmet and prepares to ride again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 0:02 - The camera is mounted on a motorcycle helmet, showing the rider's view as he rides down a street."

0:05 - The rider approaches a group of people standing on the side of the road.

0:08 - The rider passes by the group of people, who appear to be watching him closely.

0:12 - The rider approaches a turn in the road, and the camera shows the view from the front of the motorcycle.

0:15 - The rider makes the turn successfully, and the camera shows the view from the back of the motorcycle as he continues down the road.

0:18 - The rider approaches another group of people standing on the side of the road.

0:21 - The rider passes by the second group of people, who also appear to be watching him closely.

0:24 - The rider approaches a final turn in the road, and the camera shows the view from the front of the motorcycle as he makes the turn successfully.

"0:27 - The rider continues down the road, with the camera showing the view from the back of the motorcycle as he rides away from the camera."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a group of people participating in a track and field event. They are lined up on a starting line, ready to race. The camera pans across the scene, showing the athletes in various positions and poses. The video also includes close-ups of the athletes' faces and expressions, as well as shots of the track and the surrounding area. Overall, the video has a positive and energetic tone, and the athletes appear focused and determined."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people participating in a track and field event. They are lined up on a starting line, ready to race. The referee gives the signal for the race to begin, and the runners start running. The video captures the moment when the first runner crosses the finish line. The other runners follow suit, and the race is over. The video ends with the runners receiving their awards."

Therefore, the timeline of the video is as follows:

* The runners line up on the starting line.
* The referee gives the signal for the race to begin.
* The runners start running.
* The first runner crosses the finish line.
* The other runners finish the race.
* The runners receive their awards.

"The video does not provide any information about the date, location, or names of the runners."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of people participating in a track and field event. They are lined up on a track, ready to start a race. The camera focuses on the starting line, where the runners are positioned. The video also shows a referee standing near the starting line, ready to give the signal for the race to begin. The runners wear white uniforms and appear to be focused and determined. The background is a green field with a track and a few spectators in the stands. The video is from an old television broadcast and has a vintage feel."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a group of athletes participating in a track and field event. They are lined up on a starting line, ready to begin a race. The camera then shows a close-up view of the starting gun being fired, signaling the beginning of the race. The athletes then begin to run, with some of them appearing to be in the lead while others fall behind. The video ends with a shot of the finish line, where the first athlete crosses the line to win the race."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people participating in a track and field event. They are lined up at the starting line, waiting for the race to begin. The camera then pans to the finish line, where the winner is shown crossing the finish line first. The video also shows the second and third place finishers. Overall, the video captures the excitement and energy of a track and field competition."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a group of athletes participating in a track and field event. They are lined up on a starting line, ready to race. The camera then shows a close-up view of the starting gun being fired, signaling the beginning of the race. The athletes then begin to run, with some of them appearing to be in the lead while others fall behind. The video continues to show the athletes running around a track, with some of them crossing the finish line and others still in the race. Overall, the video appears to be a recording of a track and field event, with the athletes competing against each other in various races."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The athletes line up at the starting line of a track and field event."
2. The athletes take their positions and prepare to race.
3. The race begins and the athletes sprint towards the finish line.
4. The first athlete crosses the finish line and is declared the winner.
5. The other athletes continue to race and cross the finish line in order of their completion of the race.
6. The winner is awarded a medal and the other athletes receive recognition for their efforts.
7. The athletes gather for a group photo and celebrate their achievements.
"8. The video ends with a shot of the athletes leaving the track and field facility."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" I cannot provide a precise sequence of events or actions in the video without further context. However, I can describe the scene: a group of people are standing on a track, preparing to start a race. A referee is standing at the starting line, and the runners are lined up behind him. The runners are wearing athletic clothing, including shorts and t-shirts. The scene appears to be taking place outdoors, in a grassy area. The sun is shining, and there are trees and other vegetation in the background. The video is in black and white."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a group of athletes participating in a track and field event. They are lined up on a starting line and are preparing to race. The camera then pans to a referee who signals the start of the race. The athletes run towards the finish line, with some of them crossing the finish line first. The video ends with the athletes receiving their awards and congratulating each other on their performance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The video shows a group of athletes lining up on a track."
2. The athletes begin to run in a race.
3. The first athlete crosses the finish line.
4. The second athlete crosses the finish line.
5. The third athlete crosses the finish line.
6. The fourth athlete crosses the finish line.
7. The fifth athlete crosses the finish line.
8. The sixth athlete crosses the finish line.
9. The seventh athlete crosses the finish line.
10. The eighth athlete crosses the finish line.
11. The ninth athlete crosses the finish line.
12. The tenth athlete crosses the finish line.
13. The eleventh athlete crosses the finish line.
14. The twelfth athlete crosses the finish line.
15. The thirteenth athlete crosses the finish line.
16. The fourteenth athlete crosses the finish line.
17. The fifteenth athlete crosses the finish line.
18. The sixteenth athlete crosses the finish line.
19. The seventeenth athlete crosses the finish line.
20. The eighteenth athlete crosses the finish line.
21. The nineteenth athlete crosses the finish line.
22. The twentieth athlete crosses the finish line.
23. The twenty-first athlete crosses the finish line.
24. The twenty-second athlete crosses the finish line.
25. The twenty-third athlete crosses the finish line.
26. The twenty-fourth athlete crosses the finish line.
27. The twenty-fifth athlete crosses the finish line.
28. The twenty-sixth athlete crosses the finish line.
29. The twenty-seventh athlete crosses the finish line.
30. The twenty-eighth athlete crosses the finish line.
31. The twenty-ninth athlete crosses the finish line.
32. The thirtieth athlete crosses the finish line.
33. The thirty-first athlete crosses the finish line.
34. The thirty-second athlete crosses the finish line.
35. The thirty-third athlete crosses the finish line.
36. The thirty-fourth athlete crosses the finish line.
37. The thirty-fifth athlete crosses the finish line.
38. The thirty-sixth athlete crosses the finish line.
39. The thirty-seventh athlete crosses the finish line.
40. The thirty-eighth athlete crosses the finish line.
41. The thirty-ninth athlete crosses the finish line.
42. The fortieth athlete crosses the finish line.
43. The forty-first athlete crosses the finish line.
44. The forty-second athlete crosses the finish line.
45. The forty-third athlete crosses the finish line.
46. The forty-fourth athlete crosses the finish line.
47. The forty-fifth athlete crosses the finish line.
48. The forty-sixth athlete crosses the finish line.
49. The forty-seventh athlete crosses the finish line.
50. The forty-eighth athlete crosses the finish line.
51. The forty-ninth athlete crosses the finish line.
52. The fiftieth athlete crosses the finish line.
53. The finish line is crossed by the last athlete.
"54. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The athletes line up at the starting line of a track and field event."
2. The referee gives the signal for the race to begin.
3. The athletes sprint towards the finish line.
4. The first athlete crosses the finish line and is declared the winner.
5. The other athletes continue to run and cross the finish line in order.
6. The referee raises the winner's hand in victory.
7. The athletes gather around the winner to congratulate them.
"8. The camera pans out to show the entire track and field facility."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person sailing on a windsurfing board in the ocean. The person is wearing a black wetsuit and holding onto the sail with both hands. The wind is blowing strongly, causing the sail to flap in the air. The person is moving quickly through the water, leaving a trail of white foam behind them. The sky is overcast and there are waves in the background. The person appears to be enjoying the experience and is smiling as they sail."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a sailboat in the middle of the ocean. The sailboat is sailing with the wind in its sails. The camera then pans to show the sailor standing on the deck of the boat, holding onto the tiller."

The sailor then turns the boat towards the wind and begins to sail faster. The camera then shows the sailboat sailing through the waves, with the sailor holding onto the tiller and steering the boat.

The sailor then performs a maneuver called a tack, which involves turning the boat around and changing direction. The sailor then sails the boat back towards the wind and repeats the maneuver several times.

The video ends with a shot of the sailboat sailing away into the distance, with the sailor still holding onto the tiller and steering the boat.

"Overall, the video shows a sailor sailing a sailboat in the ocean, performing various maneuvers and enjoying the experience of sailing."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a sailboat sailing in the ocean with a stormy sky in the background. The sailor is wearing a black wetsuit and is holding onto the sail as the boat moves through the water. The sailboat is moving quickly, and the waves are crashing against the side of the boat. The sailor appears to be enjoying the experience, as evidenced by their smile. The video also shows the sailboat's sail flapping in the wind. Overall, the video captures the excitement and thrill of sailing in rough seas."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a sailboat sailing in the ocean with a cloudy sky in the background. The sailor is wearing a black wetsuit and is holding onto the sail with both hands. The sailboat is moving quickly through the water, and the waves are crashing against the sides of the boat. The sailor appears to be enjoying the experience, and the video captures the beauty and excitement of sailing on the open sea."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person sailing on a windsurfing board in the ocean. The person is wearing a black wetsuit and a helmet, and they are holding onto the sail with both hands. The wind is blowing strongly, causing the sail to billow out behind the person as they move through the water. The person appears to be enjoying themselves and seems to be in control of the sail. The sky is overcast, and there are some clouds in the background. The water is choppy, and there are waves crashing against the sail. Overall, the video gives the impression of an exciting and adventurous activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person sailing on a windsurfing board in the ocean. The person is wearing a black wetsuit and holding onto the sail with both hands. The sail is blue and white, and the person is moving quickly through the water. The sky is cloudy and gray, and there are waves in the background. The person is performing various maneuvers on the board, including jumps and turns. The video also shows the person's feet and legs as they move on the board. Overall, the video is a beautiful and exciting representation of windsurfing in the ocean."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A sailboat is sailing in the ocean with a blue sail."
2. The sailboat is performing a maneuver, possibly a jibe, causing the sail to flap in the wind.
3. The sailboat is being steered by a person in the cockpit, who is wearing a black jacket and a helmet.
4. The sailboat is moving quickly through the water, with waves crashing around it.
5. The sailboat is performing another maneuver, possibly a tack, causing it to change direction.
6. The sailboat is continuing to sail in the ocean, with the person in the cockpit still steering it.
7. The sailboat is approaching the shore, with land visible in the background.
8. The sailboat is coming to a stop, possibly at a dock or beach.
9. The person in the cockpit is getting out of the sailboat and walking on the shore.
"10. The sailboat is no longer visible in the frame."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a sailboat sailing in the ocean. The sailboat is moving quickly through the water, with the wind blowing in its sails. The camera then pans out to show the entire scene, with the sailboat in the foreground and the open ocean in the background."

The sailboat continues to move forward, with the wind powering its sails. The camera then cuts to a shot of the sailor at the helm, steering the boat with precision and skill. The sailor is wearing a black wetsuit and a helmet, and appears to be focused intently on the task at hand.

The sailboat continues to move through the water, with the wind blowing strongly in its sails. The camera then cuts to a shot of the sailor's face, showing the determination and focus in his eyes. The sailor's body language suggests that he is in complete control of the boat, and is confidently navigating through the rough waters.

The video then cuts to a shot of the sailboat's sails, which are billowing in the wind. The camera then pans out to show the entire scene once again, with the sailboat in the foreground and the open ocean in the background. The sailboat continues to move forward, with the wind powering its sails and propelling it through the water.

The video ends with a shot of the sailboat disappearing into the distance, leaving the viewer with a sense of awe and wonder at the power and beauty of the natural world.

"Overall, the video is a stunning example of the power and grace of sailing in the open ocean. The sailor's skill and determination are evident throughout the video, and the breathtaking scenery of the ocean adds to the sense of adventure and excitement."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person sailing on a windsurfing board in the ocean. The person is wearing a black wetsuit and holding onto the sail with both hands. The sail is blue and white, and the person is moving quickly through the water. The sky is cloudy, and there are waves in the background. The person is performing various maneuvers on the board, including jumps and turns. The video is set to music, and the music adds to the excitement and energy of the scene. Overall, the video is visually stunning and showcases the beauty and excitement of windsurfing."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The video starts with a close-up shot of a sailboat in the middle of the ocean."
2. The sailboat is being steered by a person wearing a black wetsuit.
3. The sailboat is moving quickly through the water, with the wind blowing in its sails.
4. The camera pans out to show the vast expanse of the ocean around the sailboat.
5. The sailboat performs a jibe, causing it to turn sharply to the left.
6. The sailboat continues to sail through the waves, with the person at the helm skillfully navigating the boat.
"7. The video ends with a shot of the sailboat disappearing into the distance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A sailboat is sailing in the ocean."
2. The sailboat is being steered by a person in the foreground.
3. The sailboat is moving quickly through the water.
4. The sailboat is performing a maneuver, possibly a jibe.
5. The sailboat is turning sharply to one side.
6. The sailboat is continuing to move forward, but at a slower pace.
7. The sailboat is coming to a stop in the water.
8. The person in the foreground is standing up and looking at the sailboat.
9. The sailboat is no longer visible in the frame.
10. The person in the foreground is looking off into the distance.

"Note: The video does not provide any context or information about the location, the people involved, or the purpose of the sailing activity."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man standing in front of a whiteboard and explaining the concept of a right triangle. He draws diagrams on the board to illustrate the relationship between the sides of the triangle and the angles. The man also explains how to find the missing side length using the Pythagorean theorem. He encourages viewers to practice drawing right triangles and finding missing side lengths.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a man standing in front of a whiteboard. He is wearing a blue shirt and a purple tie. The man is pointing to a diagram on the whiteboard and explaining the concept of a right triangle."

The man then draws a line on the whiteboard and explains that the line represents the hypotenuse of the right triangle. He also explains that the length of the hypotenuse is the square root of the sum of the squares of the other two sides.

The man then draws another line on the whiteboard and explains that it represents the altitude of the right triangle. He also explains that the length of the altitude is the height of the right triangle.

The man then explains that the area of a right triangle can be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x height. He also explains that the area of a right triangle can be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x altitude.

The man then draws a third line on the whiteboard and explains that it represents the median of the right triangle. He also explains that the length of the median is the midpoint of the hypotenuse.

The man then explains that the altitude and the median are perpendicular to each other. He also explains that the altitude bisects the base of the right triangle.

The man then explains that the area of a right triangle can be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x altitude. He also explains that the area of a right triangle can be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x median.

The man then explains that the area of a right triangle can also be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x height. He also explains that the area of a right triangle can be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x median.

The man then explains that the area of a right triangle can also be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x altitude. He also explains that the area of a right triangle can be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x median.

The man then explains that the area of a right triangle can also be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x altitude. He also explains that the area of a right triangle can be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x median.

The man then explains that the area of a right triangle can also be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x altitude. He also explains that the area of a right triangle can be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x median.

The man then explains that the area of a right triangle can also be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x altitude. He also explains that the area of a right triangle can be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x median.

The man then explains that the area of a right triangle can also be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x altitude. He also explains that the area of a right triangle can be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x median.

The man then explains that the area of a right triangle can also be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x altitude. He also explains that the area of a right triangle can be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x median.

The man then explains that the area of a right triangle can also be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x altitude. He also explains that the area of a right triangle can be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x median.

The man then explains that the area of a right triangle can also be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x altitude. He also explains that the area of a right triangle can be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x median.

The man then explains that the area of a right triangle can also be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x altitude. He also explains that the area of a right triangle can be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x median.

The man then explains that the area of a right triangle can also be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x altitude. He also explains that the area of a right triangle can be calculated using the formula: area = 1/2 x base x median.

"The man then explains"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a man standing in front of a whiteboard and explaining a geometric concept to the audience. He uses diagrams and drawings to illustrate his points, and he speaks clearly and confidently. The man is wearing a blue shirt and a purple tie, and he appears to be a teacher or a lecturer. The video is well-lit and the sound quality is good. Overall, the video is educational and informative, and it is suitable for students or anyone interested in learning about geometry."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a man standing in front of a whiteboard and explaining the concept of a right triangle. He draws a diagram on the board and explains the relationship between the sides of the triangle. The man also mentions the Pythagorean theorem and its application to finding the length of the hypotenuse in a right triangle. The video is helpful and informative, and the man speaks clearly and confidently."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a man standing in front of a whiteboard and explaining a geometric concept to the audience. He uses a marker to draw diagrams on the board and explains the steps involved in solving a problem related to triangles. The man speaks clearly and confidently, making the concept easy to understand for the viewers. The video is well-lit and the sound quality is good. Overall, the video is informative, engaging, and educational."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a man standing in front of a whiteboard and explaining the concept of a right triangle. He uses a marker to draw lines and labels on the board to illustrate the relationship between the sides of the triangle. The man also uses mathematical equations to explain the properties of the triangle."

There are no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The man's speech is respectful and helpful, and he answers the question in a clear and concise manner.

"Therefore, the video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The speaker stands in front of a whiteboard."
2. The speaker draws a triangle on the whiteboard.
3. The speaker explains the properties of the triangle.
4. The speaker draws a line through one of the vertices of the triangle.
5. The speaker explains how the line divides the triangle into two parts.
6. The speaker draws another line through the other vertex of the triangle.
7. The speaker explains how the lines intersect and form angles.
8. The speaker summarizes the properties of the triangle and the angles formed by the lines.
"9. The speaker concludes the lesson."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video does not provide a sequence of salient events or actions with exact time ranges. However, the video shows a man standing in front of a whiteboard and explaining a geometric concept using diagrams and equations. The man is wearing a blue shirt and a purple tie. He is pointing to different parts of the diagram and explaining the concepts in a clear and concise manner. The diagrams on the whiteboard show various geometric shapes and their properties. The man also uses a marker to highlight certain parts of the diagram. Overall, the video is educational and informative, and the man is presenting the concepts in a professional and engaging manner."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a man standing in front of a whiteboard and explaining the concept of a right triangle. He uses diagrams and examples to illustrate the relationship between the sides of the triangle and the angles. The man speaks clearly and confidently, making the topic easy to understand for the viewer. Overall, the video is helpful, respectful, and honest, and provides valuable information for anyone interested in geometry."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The speaker is standing in front of a whiteboard."
2. The speaker is explaining the concept of a right triangle.
3. The speaker draws a right triangle on the whiteboard.
4. The speaker labels the sides of the triangle as the hypotenuse, the base, and the height.
5. The speaker explains that the sides of a right triangle are related by the Pythagorean theorem.
6. The speaker demonstrates how to find the length of the hypotenuse using the Pythagorean theorem.
7. The speaker provides an example problem and solves it on the whiteboard.
8. The speaker summarizes the key points of the lesson.
"9. The speaker encourages the audience to ask any questions they may have."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The speaker is standing in front of a whiteboard."
2. He explains the concept of a right angle.
3. He draws a right angle on the whiteboard.
4. He explains that a right angle is an angle that measures 90 degrees.
5. He draws a square on the whiteboard and explains that all angles in a square are right angles.
6. He draws a rectangle on the whiteboard and explains that all angles in a rectangle are right angles.
7. He draws a triangle on the whiteboard and explains that one angle in a triangle is always a right angle.
8. He summarizes the key points of the lesson.
"9. He encourages the viewer to ask any questions they may have."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a woman's hands placing a green sticky note on a wooden table. The note has the words """"I love you"""" written on it. The woman appears to be expressing her love and appreciation towards someone or something. The video is positive and heartwarming, highlighting the importance of expressing emotions and showing affection."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a woman's hands placing a green sticky note on a wooden table. The note is then removed, leaving a blank spot on the table. The woman's hands are visible throughout the video, and the table is the only other object shown. The video's duration is approximately 10 seconds."

1. The woman places a green sticky note on the wooden table.
2. The woman removes the green sticky note from the wooden table, leaving a blank spot.
3. The video ends.

"The video's content is straightforward and does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a woman's hands placing a green sticky note on a wooden table. The note appears to be a reminder or a message. The woman's hands are visible as she places the note on the table. The scene is set in a dimly lit room, with the woman's hands and the table being the main focus. The video does not provide any additional context or information, leaving it up to the viewer to interpret the meaning behind the woman's actions and the sticky note."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a woman's hands placing a green sticky note on a wooden table. The note is placed in the center of the table, with the woman's hands visible on either side. The video is set in a dimly lit room, with a warm light shining on the table. The woman's actions are calm and deliberate, suggesting a focused and intentional approach to placing the note. The video's overall tone is positive and peaceful, with a calming and soothing atmosphere. The video's primary spatio-temporal contexts include the woman's hands, the wooden table, and the dimly lit room. The video's secondary contexts include the green sticky note and the warm light shining on the table. The video's overall message is one of organization, focus, and intentionality, as the woman carefully places the note on the table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a woman's hands placing a green sticky note on a wooden table. The note appears to be written on, possibly containing a message or reminder. The woman's hands are visible, and the table has a wooden surface. The scene is set in a calm and peaceful environment, with good lighting. The video's purpose is unclear, but it could be a demonstration, a creative activity, or a simple act of organization. The video's tone is positive and respectful, making it suitable for a wide audience."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a woman's hands placing a green sticky note on a wooden table. The woman's hands are visible, and the sticky note is clearly seen. The video does not show any other repeated events or actions. It is a simple and straightforward scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a woman's hands holding a piece of green paper. She places the paper on a wooden table, and then folds it in half. The woman then places another piece of green paper on top of the folded paper, creating a stack of two green papers. The woman's hands are visible throughout the video, and the focus is on the papers and their arrangement on the table. The video concludes with the woman's hands holding the stack of green papers."

"The video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature. The video is also factually coherent and does not contain any false information."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a woman's hands placing a green sticky note on a wooden table. The note is then removed, leaving a blank spot on the table. The woman's hands are visible throughout the video. The video does not provide a specific time range for the events or actions. Instead, it focuses on the woman's actions and the placement and removal of the sticky note. The video is visually engaging and may be used for educational or creative purposes."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a woman's hands placing a green sticky note on a wooden table. The note is placed in the center of the table, and the woman's hands are visible. The video does not include any unnecessary or irrelevant information, making it clear and focused on the woman's actions. The video's purpose is to show the woman placing a sticky note on a table, and it effectively conveys this message."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A woman's hands are shown on a wooden table."
2. She holds a piece of green paper.
3. She places the paper on the table.
4. She folds the paper in half.
5. She folds the paper again, creating a smaller rectangle.
6. She holds the folded paper in her hand.
7. The video ends with the folded paper still in her hand.

"The video shows a woman folding a piece of green paper on a wooden table. The key moments include her holding the paper, placing it on the table, folding it in half, and folding it again to create a smaller rectangle. The video ends with her holding the folded paper in her hand."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A woman's hands are shown on a wooden table."
2. She holds a piece of green paper.
3. The woman places the green paper on the table.
4. She picks up a small piece of paper and places it next to the green paper.
5. The woman looks at the two pieces of paper.
6. She picks up the small piece of paper and places it on top of the green paper.
7. The woman looks at the two pieces of paper again.
8. The video ends with the woman's hands holding the two pieces of paper on the table.

"This sequence describes the woman's actions with the green and small pieces of paper on the table. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video is about a puppet character named """"The Puppet"""" who is talking on the phone in a colorful room filled with toys and decorations. The character is wearing a green shirt and a yellow hat, and appears to be having a conversation with someone on the other end of the line. The video is part of a series called """"The Puppet Show,"""" and is intended for children. The character's facial expressions and body language suggest that he is excited and animated during the conversation. The video is well-produced and visually appealing, with clear and concise audio and visuals. Overall, the video is a fun and engaging way to teach children about communication and social skills."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video begins with a close-up shot of a puppet character named """"Muppet"""" sitting at a desk in a cluttered room. The character is wearing a green shirt and a yellow hat, and he is holding a telephone receiver to his ear."

The character begins to talk on the phone, and he appears to be having a conversation with someone. The conversation is not audible, but the character's facial expressions and body language suggest that he is excited and animated.

As the conversation continues, the character stands up from his desk and begins to dance around the room. He moves his arms and legs in a lively and energetic manner, and he seems to be enjoying himself.

The video then cuts to a shot of the character sitting back down at his desk, still holding the telephone receiver to his ear. He continues to talk on the phone, and he appears to be in a good mood.

"The video ends with a close-up shot of the character's face, as he smiles and laughs to himself. Overall, the video is playful and upbeat, and it conveys a sense of joy and excitement."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a puppet character named """"Bob the Builder"""" talking on the phone in a room filled with toys and decorations. The character is dressed in a construction worker's outfit and is holding a phone to his ear. The background music is upbeat and cheerful. The video is likely part of a children's television show or cartoon series."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a cartoon character named """"Bob the Builder"""" talking on a telephone in a room filled with toys and other objects. The character is wearing a construction hat and appears to be engaged in a conversation. The background of the video is decorated with colorful posters and drawings. The overall tone of the video is playful and lighthearted."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a cartoon character named """"Bob the Builder"""" talking on a telephone in a room filled with toys and other objects. The character appears to be wearing a construction hat and is holding a hammer in one hand. There are also other characters in the room, including a toy car and a toy airplane. The character seems to be having a conversation on the telephone, but the content of the conversation is not clear. Overall, the video appears to be a playful and lighthearted scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a puppet character named """"Mr. Pickles"""" talking on a telephone in a room filled with toys and other objects. The character is wearing a green shirt and a yellow hat. The video also shows a clock on the wall, which displays the time."

There is no clear indication of any repeated events or actions in the video. However, the character seems to be making a phone call, and the clock in the background suggests that time is passing.

"Therefore, the video does not provide sufficient evidence to support the claim that there are repeated events or actions."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The video shows a cartoon character named """"Bob the Builder"""" sitting at a desk in a room."
2. Bob is wearing a hard hat and holding a phone to his ear.
3. He is talking on the phone and appears to be in a conversation.
4. The background of the room is decorated with various toys and children's items.
5. Bob finishes his conversation and hangs up the phone.
6. He looks around the room and then gets up from his desk.
7. He walks towards the door and exits the room.
8. The video ends.

"Therefore, the video shows Bob the Builder talking on the phone in his room, and then leaving the room."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a cartoon character named """"Bob the Builder"""" talking on the phone in a room filled with toys and other objects. The character is wearing a green shirt and a yellow hard hat. The room also contains a desk, a telephone, and a calendar on the wall. The character appears to be having a conversation on the phone, but the content of the conversation is not clear. The video does not provide any additional context or information about the events or actions depicted in the video."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a cartoon character named """"Bob the Builder"""" talking on a telephone in a room filled with toys and other objects. The character is wearing a hard hat and appears to be in a playful mood. There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The video begins with a close-up shot of a puppet character named """"Mr. Pickles"""" sitting at a desk in a room."
2. Mr. Pickles is talking on the phone, and the camera zooms out to reveal a toy telephone on the desk.
3. Mr. Pickles puts down the phone and looks around the room, which is decorated with colorful posters and toys.
4. He then picks up a toy phone and starts talking to someone on the other end of the line.
"5. The conversation is about a """"monster"""" that is causing trouble in the neighborhood."
6. Mr. Pickles listens intently and then hangs up the phone.
7. He looks thoughtful for a moment, then gets up from his desk and walks out of the room.
"8. The video ends with a shot of the empty room, with the sound of Mr. Pickles' footsteps fading away."",0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The video starts with a close-up shot of a puppet character named """"Bob the Builder"""" wearing a hard hat and holding a hammer."
2. Bob the Builder is talking on a telephone, and the camera pans to reveal a cluttered room with various toys and objects.
3. Bob the Builder finishes his conversation and puts down the telephone.
4. He looks around the room and notices a toy airplane on a shelf.
5. Bob the Builder picks up the toy airplane and starts to examine it closely.
6. He turns the airplane over in his hands and notices a small label on the bottom.
"7. He reads the label aloud, revealing that the airplane is a """"Flying Carpet."""""
8. Bob the Builder looks surprised and excited by this discovery.
9. He sets the toy airplane down on the table and starts to explore the room further.
"10. The video ends with Bob the Builder looking around the room, still excited about his discovery."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a young girl riding a white and brown horse in a grassy field. The girl is wearing a pink jacket and has long brown hair. She is riding the horse at a fast pace, and the horse appears to be moving smoothly. The video also shows the girl's face, and she looks happy and content while riding the horse. The background is a rolling countryside with hills and trees in the distance. The video is set to upbeat music, and the overall mood is positive and enjoyable."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a young woman riding a white horse in a field. She is wearing a pink jacket and a black hat. The horse is galloping at a fast pace, and the woman is holding onto the reins tightly."

As the video progresses, the woman continues to ride the horse, and they move through different areas of the field. The camera angle changes, and we see the horse from different perspectives.

At one point, the woman jumps off the horse, and it gallops away. She then runs after the horse and manages to catch it.

The video ends with the woman riding the horse again, and they disappear from view.

"Overall, the video shows a young woman riding a horse in a field, and it highlights the beauty of the countryside and the connection between the rider and the horse."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a young woman riding a white and brown horse in a grassy field. The horse is galloping at a fast pace, and the woman is holding onto the reins with both hands. The background is blurry, and there are no other people or objects visible in the scene. The video is shot in slow motion, giving the viewer a sense of the horse's power and speed. The woman is wearing a pink jacket and a white helmet, and she appears to be enjoying the ride. The video ends with the horse and rider disappearing into the distance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a young woman riding a white and brown horse in a grassy field with hills in the background. The woman is wearing a pink jacket and a white helmet. She is galloping the horse at a fast pace, and the camera follows them as they move across the field. The video is shot in slow motion, giving it a dreamlike quality. The woman and the horse appear to be enjoying their ride, and the scene is peaceful and idyllic. There is no dialogue in the video, and the only sound is the galloping of the horse's hooves. Overall, the video is a beautiful and relaxing depiction of a horseback ride in the countryside."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a young girl riding a white and brown horse in a grassy field. The horse appears to be galloping at a fast pace, and the girl is holding onto the reins as she rides. The video also shows the girl smiling and enjoying the ride. There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a young woman riding a white horse in a grassy field. She is wearing a pink jacket and appears to be enjoying the ride. The horse is galloping at a fast pace, and the woman is holding onto the reins with both hands. The video also shows the horse's hooves pounding against the ground as they run."

There are no repeated events or actions in the video, but the woman and the horse are the main focus throughout the video. The video also shows the surrounding landscape, which includes rolling hills and a clear blue sky.

Explain the context of the video.

The video appears to be a recording of a horseback riding session. The woman in the video is riding a white horse in a grassy field. The video does not provide any context about the location or the purpose of the riding session. It is unclear whether the woman is a professional horseback rider or if she is just enjoying a leisurely ride in the countryside.

The video also does not provide any background information about the horse or the woman. It is possible that the horse is a trained riding horse, but there is no way to know for sure based on the information provided in the video.

"Overall, the video is a simple and straightforward recording of a horseback riding session. It does not contain any explicit or implicit messages, and there is no clear narrative or storyline. The video is primarily focused on showcasing the woman and the horse as they ride through the countryside."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A young woman is riding a white and brown horse in a grassy field."
2. The horse is galloping at a fast pace.
3. The woman is wearing a pink jacket and a white helmet.
4. The horse is jumping over a fence.
5. The woman is smiling and enjoying the ride.
6. The horse and rider continue to gallop across the field.
7. The video ends with the woman and horse still in motion.

"Additionally, the woman is wearing a pink jacket and a white helmet, and the horse is white and brown. The video takes place in a grassy field, and the horse is galloping at a fast pace. The woman is smiling and enjoying the ride, and the horse jumps over a fence. The video ends with the woman and horse still in motion."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a girl riding a white horse in a field. The horse is galloping at a fast pace, and the girl is holding onto the reins. The background is blurry, and there are no other objects or people visible in the scene. The video lasts for approximately 10 seconds."

At the beginning of the video, the girl is sitting on the horse's back, and the horse is trotting. As the video progresses, the horse begins to gallop, and the girl holds onto the reins tightly. The horse's mane and tail are flying in the wind, and the background is a rolling green landscape.

There are no other sounds or noises in the video, and the only visual elements are the horse and the girl. The video ends with the horse continuing to gallop across the field.

"Overall, the video is a beautiful and peaceful depiction of a girl riding a horse in a rural setting. The horse's movements are smooth and graceful, and the girl's expression is calm and focused. The video is a great example of the therapeutic benefits of horseback riding and the connection between humans and animals."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a young woman riding a white and brown horse in a grassy field. She is wearing a pink jacket and appears to be enjoying the ride. The horse is galloping at a fast pace, and the woman is holding onto the reins with both hands. The background is a rolling countryside with hills and trees in the distance. The video is shot in slow motion, giving it a dreamlike quality. Overall, the video is peaceful and calming, and the woman and horse seem to be in harmony with each other."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A woman is riding a white horse in a field."
2. The horse gallops at a fast pace.
3. The woman is wearing a pink jacket and a helmet.
4. The camera pans out to show the surrounding countryside.
5. The woman and the horse continue to gallop across the field.
"6. The video ends with the woman and the horse still in motion."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A young woman is riding a white and brown horse in a grassy field."
2. The woman is wearing a pink jacket and a black helmet.
3. The horse is galloping at a fast pace, with the woman holding onto the reins.
4. The camera pans out to show the surrounding countryside, with hills and trees in the background.
5. The woman continues to ride the horse, with the sun setting in the distance.
"6. The video ends with the woman and the horse still in motion."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a man sitting on a bed and playing the guitar. He seems to be enjoying the music and is focused on his performance. The video is well-lit and the audio quality is good. Overall, it appears to be a relaxing and enjoyable video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video does not provide enough context to determine the exact timeline of events or actions occurring in the video. However, we can see a man sitting on a bed and playing an acoustic guitar. It appears that he is strumming the strings and singing along to the music. The video also shows close-up shots of his hands as he plays the guitar. Overall, the video seems to be a simple and enjoyable performance of acoustic music."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" In this video, a man is sitting on a bed and playing the guitar. He is wearing a blue shirt and white pants. The room is dimly lit, and there are no other people or objects visible in the frame. The man seems to be lost in thought as he strums the guitar and sings along to the music. Overall, the video has a peaceful and introspective atmosphere."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a man sitting on a bed and playing an acoustic guitar. He is wearing a blue shirt and white pants. The room is dimly lit, and there are no other objects or people visible in the frame. The man appears to be focused on playing the guitar, and his facial expression suggests that he is enjoying the music. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a man sitting on a bed and playing an acoustic guitar. He is wearing a blue shirt and white pants. He appears to be focused on the guitar and is playing the instrument with his right hand. The room is dimly lit, and there are no other people or objects visible in the frame. The video lasts for approximately 10 seconds."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a man sitting on a bed and playing an acoustic guitar. He strums the guitar and sings a song. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. The man's actions are socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A man is sitting on a bed with an acoustic guitar in his hands."
2. He is strumming the guitar and singing a song.
3. He looks up from the guitar and makes eye contact with the camera.
4. He smiles and continues playing the guitar.
5. The camera pans out to show the entire room, including a window with natural light coming in.
6. The man finishes playing the song and puts the guitar down.
7. He looks directly at the camera and gives a thumbs up.
"8. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" I'm unable to provide a sequence of events or actions in the video without having access to the video itself. However, I can help answer any factual or informational questions you may have. Let me know if you have a specific question in mind!"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a man sitting on a bed and playing an acoustic guitar. He is wearing a blue shirt and white pants. The camera angle is from the side, and the man is facing the camera. He is strumming the guitar and singing a song. The background is a white wall with a window. The lighting is soft and natural. The man's facial expression is focused and determined. The video has a calm and peaceful atmosphere. The man's body language and facial expression suggest that he is enjoying playing the guitar and singing the song. The video is visually appealing and aesthetically pleasing. The quality of the video is good, and the sound is clear and distinct. Overall, the video is a positive and uplifting representation of music and creativity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A man is sitting on a bed with an acoustic guitar in his hands."
2. He starts playing the guitar and singing.
3. The camera zooms in on his face as he sings.
4. He finishes the song and looks up at the camera.
5. The video ends with a close-up of his face.

"Note: The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A man is sitting on a bed with an acoustic guitar in his hands."
2. He starts playing the guitar and singing.
3. The camera zooms in on his face as he sings.
4. He finishes the song and looks up at the camera.
"5. The video ends."",1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a hotel room with a bed, a nightstand, and a television. The room appears clean and well-maintained. The video also shows a person entering the room and closing the door behind them. The person then turns on the television and adjusts the volume. The video does not provide any additional context or information."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video does not provide a clear timeline of events or actions. However, it appears that the video shows a bedroom with a bed, a nightstand, and a television. The room also has a window with a view of the outside. The video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a bedroom with a bed, a nightstand, and a television. The room appears to be in a hotel or motel, as there are no personal items visible. The video also shows a close-up of the bedspread, which has a floral pattern. The room appears to be clean and well-maintained. The video does not provide any context or information about the people who may be staying in the room."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a bedroom with a bed, a nightstand, and a television. The room has a brown carpet, a beige wall, and a window with blinds. The bed has a white comforter and a brown headboard. The video also shows a close-up of a clock on the nightstand. The room appears to be in a hotel or motel."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a bedroom with a bed, a nightstand, and a television. The bed has a white comforter and pillows. The nightstand has a lamp and a telephone. The television is turned off. The room appears to be clean and well-maintained."

There is no evidence of any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature.

"Therefore, the video is appropriate for all audiences."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a bedroom with a bed, a nightstand, and a lamp. The camera pans around the room, showing different angles of the furniture and decor. There is no repeated event or action in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a bedroom with a bed, a nightstand, and a television. The bed has a white comforter and pillows, and there is a lamp on the nightstand. The television is turned on, and there is a news program playing. The video also shows a close-up of the television screen, which displays the news anchor speaking."

The video then cuts to a shot of the bedroom window, which shows sunlight streaming in. The video also shows a close-up of the window frame, which reveals that there are curtains hanging on the window.

The video then cuts back to the bedroom, where the camera pans across the room, revealing a dresser, a desk, and a chair. The video also shows a close-up of a photograph on the dresser, which appears to be a family portrait.

The video then cuts to a shot of the bathroom, which has a shower, a toilet, and a sink. The video also shows a close-up of the showerhead, which appears to be a rain showerhead.

The video then cuts back to the bedroom, where the camera focuses on the bed. The video also shows a close-up of the comforter, which appears to be made of a soft, plush material.

The video then cuts to a shot of the television, which is now displaying a commercial for a hotel. The commercial shows images of a luxurious hotel room, with a king-sized bed, a flat-screen television, and a balcony overlooking the ocean.

The video then cuts back to the bedroom, where the camera focuses on the nightstand. The video also shows a close-up of a book on the nightstand, which appears to be a novel.

The video then cuts to a shot of the bathroom, which shows the shower in action. The video also shows a close-up of the showerhead, which appears to be a rain showerhead.

The video then cuts back to the bedroom, where the camera focuses on the bed. The video also shows a close-up of the pillows, which appear to be made of a soft, fluffy material.

The video then cuts to a shot of the television, which is now displaying a news program about a natural disaster. The news anchor is speaking about the disaster and its impact on the affected area.

The video then cuts back to the bedroom, where the camera focuses on the window. The video also shows a close-up of the curtains, which appear to be made of a sheer, translucent material.

The video then cuts to a shot of the bathroom, which shows the shower in action. The video also shows a close-up of the showerhead, which appears to be a rain showerhead.

The video then cuts back to the bedroom, where the camera focuses on the bed. The video also shows a close-up of the comforter, which appears to be made of a soft, plush material.

The video then cuts to a shot of the television, which is now displaying a commercial for a travel agency. The commercial shows images of exotic locations, such as beaches, mountains, and forests.

The video then cuts back to the bedroom, where the camera focuses on the nightstand. The video also shows a close-up of a clock on the nightstand, which displays the time.

The video then cuts to a shot of the bathroom, which shows the shower in action. The video also shows a close-up of the showerhead, which appears to be a rain showerhead.

The video then cuts back to the bedroom, where the camera focuses on the bed. The video also shows a close-up of the pillows, which appear to be made of a soft, fluffy material.

The video then cuts to a shot of the television, which is now displaying a commercial for a hotel chain. The commercial shows images of luxurious hotel rooms, with king-sized beds, flat-screen televisions, and balconies overlooking the ocean.

The video then cuts back to the bedroom, where the camera focuses on the window. The video also shows a close-up of the curtains, which appear to be made of a sheer, translucent material.

The video then cuts to a shot of the bathroom, which shows the shower in action. The video also shows a close-up of the showerhead, which appears to be a rain showerhead.

The video then cuts back to the bedroom, where the camera focuses on the bed. The video also shows a close-up of the comforter, which appears to be made of a soft, plush material.

"The video then cuts to a shot of the television, which is now displaying a commercial for a car rental company. The commercial shows images of exotic"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video does not provide a clear sequence of events or actions with exact time ranges. However, it appears to show a bedroom with a bed, nightstand, and television. The bed has a white comforter and pillows, and the nightstand has a lamp and a telephone. The television is turned on and displays a news program. The room also has a window with a view of the outside."

"There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a bedroom with a bed, a nightstand, and a lamp. The bed has a white comforter and pillows. The nightstand has a lamp and a phone. The lamp has a shade and a bulb. The room has a window with curtains. The video also shows a clock on the wall. The room appears to be clean and well-lit. The video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The video starts with a close-up shot of a hotel room."
2. The camera pans to reveal a bed with a white comforter and a brown headboard.
3. The camera zooms out to show the entire room, which includes a dresser, a nightstand, and a television.
4. The camera focuses on the television, which is showing a news program.
5. The camera then cuts to a shot of a person sitting on the bed, looking at the television.
6. The person gets up and walks over to the dresser, where they open a drawer and take out some items.
7. The camera then cuts to a shot of the person sitting on the bed again, looking at the items they took out of the drawer.
"8. The video ends with a close-up shot of the person's face, looking thoughtful."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The camera pans to a hotel room."
2. The camera focuses on a bed with a white comforter and pillows.
3. The camera zooms in on the bed and shows a close-up of the comforter.
4. The camera pans to a window with curtains.
5. The camera zooms out to show the entire room, including a desk, chair, and television.
6. The camera pans to a clock on the wall, showing the time as 1:30 PM.
7. The camera zooms in on the clock and shows the hands moving.
8. The camera pans back to the bed and shows a person entering the room.
9. The person walks to the bed and sits down.
10. The person looks around the room and adjusts the pillows on the bed.
11. The person lies down on the bed and closes their eyes.
12. The camera pans out to show the entire room again.
13. The camera zooms in on the clock and shows the time as 2:00 PM.
14. The camera pans back to the bed and shows the person sleeping.
"15. The camera fades to black."",0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a man preparing food in a kitchen. He is using various ingredients, including canned chili, cheese, and sour cream. He is also using a blender to blend the ingredients together. The man explains that he is making a chili cheese dip and provides instructions on how to make it. He emphasizes the importance of using high-quality ingredients and suggests using a food processor or blender to blend the ingredients until they are smooth. The video also shows the man tasting the dip and adjusting the seasoning to his liking. Overall, the video provides a step-by-step guide on how to make a chili cheese dip using canned chili and other ingredients."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a man in a kitchen, holding a can of chili. He opens the can and scoops out some of the chili with a spoon. He then adds some ingredients to the chili, including cheese, sour cream, and onions. He stirs the chili with a spoon and adds more ingredients, including beans and corn. He then tastes the chili and adds more seasoning to taste. Finally, he serves the chili in a bowl and sprinkles some cheese on top."

The video ends with the man enjoying his chili.

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. Man holds a can of chili in a kitchen.
2. He opens the can and scoops out some chili with a spoon.
3. He adds cheese, sour cream, and onions to the chili.
4. He stirs the chili with a spoon and adds more ingredients, including beans and corn.
5. He tastes the chili and adds more seasoning to taste.
6. He serves the chili in a bowl and sprinkles some cheese on top.
"7. Man enjoys his chili."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a man preparing food in a kitchen. He is wearing a black shirt and is standing in front of a white countertop with various ingredients and utensils. The man is using a can opener to open a can of chili and then scoops out some of the contents with a spoon. He then adds some cheese to the chili and stirs it together. The man continues to add other ingredients, such as onions and garlic, to the chili and stirs it together. Finally, he tastes the chili and seems pleased with the result."

The man is making chili in a kitchen, using a can opener to open a can of chili and adding other ingredients such as cheese, onions, and garlic. He stirs the chili together and tastes it, seeming pleased with the result.

The man is making chili in a kitchen using a can opener to open a can of chili and adding other ingredients such as cheese, onions, and garlic. He stirs the chili together and tastes it, seeming pleased with the result.

The man is making chili in a kitchen using a can opener to open a can of chili and adding other ingredients such as cheese, onions, and garlic. He stirs the chili together and tastes it, seeming pleased with the result.

The man is making chili in a kitchen using a can opener to open a can of chili and adding other ingredients such as cheese, onions, and garlic. He stirs the chili together and tastes it, seeming pleased with the result.

The man is making chili in a kitchen using a can opener to open a can of chili and adding other ingredients such as cheese, onions, and garlic. He stirs the chili together and tastes it, seeming pleased with the result.

The man is making chili in a kitchen using a can opener to open a can of chili and adding other ingredients such as cheese, onions, and garlic. He stirs the chili together and tastes it, seeming pleased with the result.

The man is making chili in a kitchen using a can opener to open a can of chili and adding other ingredients such as cheese, onions, and garlic. He stirs the chili together and tastes it, seeming pleased with the result.

The man is making chili in a kitchen using a can opener to open a can of chili and adding other ingredients such as cheese, onions, and garlic. He stirs the chili together and tastes it, seeming pleased with the result.

The man is making chili in a kitchen using a can opener to open a can of chili and adding other ingredients such as cheese, onions, and garlic. He stirs the chili together and tastes it, seeming pleased with the result.

The man is making chili in a kitchen using a can opener to open a can of chili and adding other ingredients such as cheese, onions, and garlic. He stirs the chili together and tastes it, seeming pleased with the result.

The man is making chili in a kitchen using a can opener to open a can of chili and adding other ingredients such as cheese, onions, and garlic. He stirs the chili together and tastes it, seeming pleased with the result.

The man is making chili in a kitchen using a can opener to open a can of chili and adding other ingredients such as cheese, onions, and garlic. He stirs the chili together and tastes it, seeming pleased with the result.

The man is making chili in a kitchen using a can opener to open a can of chili and adding other ingredients such as cheese, onions, and garlic. He stirs the chili together and tastes it, seeming pleased with the result.

The man is making chili in a kitchen using a can opener to open a can of chili and adding other ingredients such as cheese, onions, and garlic. He stirs the chili together and tastes it, seeming pleased with the result.

The man is making chili in a kitchen using a can opener to open a can of chili and adding other ingredients such as cheese, onions, and garlic. He stirs the chili together and tastes it, seeming pleased with the result.

The man is making chili in a kitchen using a can opener to open a can of chili and adding other ingredients such as cheese, onions, and garlic. He stirs the chili together and tastes it, seeming pleased with the result.

"The man is making chili in a kitchen using a can opener to open a can of chili and adding"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a man preparing food in a kitchen. He is wearing a black shirt and is standing in front of a white countertop with various ingredients and utensils. The man is adding ingredients to a bowl and then using a spoon to mix them together. He is also using a can opener to open a can of food. The video does not provide any context about the type of food the man is preparing or the purpose of the video. However, the man appears to be following a recipe and seems to be confident and focused on his task. The video is filmed in a well-lit kitchen with good camera angles and clear audio. Overall, the video is a simple and straightforward demonstration of food preparation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a man preparing food in a kitchen. He is wearing a black shirt and is standing in front of a white countertop with various ingredients and utensils. The man is holding a can of chili and is using a spoon to scoop out some of the contents. He then adds the chili to a bowl and stirs it with a spoon. The man continues to add other ingredients to the bowl, including cheese, sour cream, and onions. He then tastes the chili and makes a face of satisfaction. The video ends with the man smiling and continuing to prepare the food."

Therefore, the salient events or actions occurring in the video are:

1. The man is preparing food in a kitchen.
2. He is wearing a black shirt.
3. He is holding a can of chili.
4. He uses a spoon to scoop out some of the contents of the can.
5. He adds the chili to a bowl.
6. He adds other ingredients to the bowl, including cheese, sour cream, and onions.
7. He tastes the chili and makes a face of satisfaction.
8. The video ends with the man smiling and continuing to prepare the food.

"Therefore, the video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a man preparing food in a kitchen. He is using various ingredients, including canned chili, onions, garlic, and spices. He is also using a blender to blend some of the ingredients. The man is wearing a black shirt and appears to be cooking for himself. The video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A man is standing in front of a kitchen counter with various ingredients and utensils."
2. He is holding a can of chili in one hand and a spoon in the other.
3. He opens the can of chili and scoops out some of the contents into a bowl.
4. He adds some sour cream to the chili and stirs it with the spoon.
5. He tastes the chili and adds more sour cream if needed.
6. He then serves the chili in a bowl and sets it on the counter.
7. The man continues to prepare other dishes in the kitchen.

"Therefore, the man is making chili with sour cream and serving it in a bowl."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a man preparing food in a kitchen. He is wearing a black shirt and is standing in front of a white countertop with various ingredients and utensils. The man is holding a can of chili and is adding it to a bowl. He then adds some cheese and stirs the mixture with a spoon. The man continues to add ingredients to the bowl, including corn, onions, and garlic. He then tastes the mixture and adds more seasoning. The man continues to stir the mixture and adds more ingredients, including beans and tomatoes. He then tastes the mixture again and adjusts the seasoning accordingly. The man then pours the mixture into a pan and cooks it on the stove. The video ends with the man serving the chili in a bowl."

Therefore, the sequence of events in the video is as follows:

1. The man is standing in front of a countertop with various ingredients and utensils.
2. He is holding a can of chili and adds it to a bowl.
3. He adds some cheese and stirs the mixture with a spoon.
4. The man continues to add ingredients to the bowl, including corn, onions, and garlic.
5. He tastes the mixture and adjusts the seasoning accordingly.
6. The man pours the mixture into a pan and cooks it on the stove.
7. The man serves the chili in a bowl.

"The exact time range for each event or action is not provided in the video, but the sequence of events suggests that the entire process takes place within a reasonable amount of time."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a man preparing a dish in a kitchen. He is using various ingredients, including canned chili, onions, garlic, and spices. He is also using a blender to blend some of the ingredients together. The man is wearing a black shirt and appears to be in his 40s or 50s. He is standing in front of a white countertop, which has several kitchen appliances and utensils on it. The video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The video shows a man in a kitchen."
2. He is holding a can of chili.
3. He opens the can and scoops out some chili with a spoon.
4. He adds some ingredients to the chili, including cheese, sour cream, and onions.
5. He stirs the chili with a spoon.
6. He tastes the chili and adds more seasoning.
7. He serves the chili in a bowl.
8. The man then adds some toppings to the chili, including jalapenos, cilantro, and avocado.
9. He stirs the chili again and serves it.
"10. The video ends with the man enjoying his chili."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The chef is preparing a dish in a kitchen."
2. He is holding a can of chili in one hand and a spoon in the other.
3. He opens the can with his hand and pours the chili into a bowl.
4. He adds some ingredients to the chili, including cheese, sour cream, and onions.
5. He stirs the chili with a spoon and tastes it.
6. He adds more ingredients, such as salt and pepper, to the chili.
7. He continues to stir the chili and adds more toppings, such as jalapenos and cilantro.
8. He serves the chili in a bowl and garnishes it with additional toppings.
9. The chef then turns off the camera and walks away from the kitchen.

Therefore, the key events in the video are:

1. The chef opens a can of chili.
2. He pours the chili into a bowl.
3. He adds ingredients to the chili.
4. He stirs the chili and tastes it.
5. He adds more toppings to the chili.
"6. He serves the chili in a bowl."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a dog lying on its back on a wooden floor. The dog is a white and black breed, and it appears to be pregnant. The dog is wagging its tail and seems to be comfortable. The video also shows a person's hand reaching down to touch the dog's belly. The person seems to be checking the dog's health and well-being. The video is set to music, and the background is blurred, making it difficult to see any other objects or people in the room. The video is filmed from a low angle, giving the viewer a close-up view of the dog. Overall, the video is cute and endearing, and it shows the bond between a person and their pet."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a dog lying on its back on a wooden floor. The dog is a white and black breed, and it appears to be relaxed and comfortable. There is no sound in the video, but the dog seems to be enjoying its time on the floor."

There is no clear indication of any specific events or actions occurring in the video, so it is difficult to provide a precise timeline. However, we can assume that the video shows the dog lying on the floor for an extended period of time.

"It is important to note that the dog in the video appears to be healthy and happy, and there is no evidence of any harm or distress being caused to the animal. The video is also safe, respectful, and honest, as it does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" In the video, a small white and black dog is lying on its back on a wooden floor. The dog appears to be pregnant and is wagging its tail. The camera pans around the room, showing a kitchen with a refrigerator and a stove. The dog continues to wag its tail and move its legs as the camera zooms in on its belly. The video ends with the dog looking up at the camera."

"It is important to note that the video does not provide any context or information about the dog's health or condition, and it is not clear whether the dog is in pain or distress. It is also important to remember that animals should not be left alone for extended periods of time, especially if they are pregnant or have health issues. If you have concerns about the welfare of an animal, it is important to contact a veterinarian or animal welfare organization for advice and assistance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a dog lying on its back on a wooden floor. The dog is a small white and black breed, and it appears to be relaxed and comfortable. The dog's belly is visible, and there are no visible injuries or abnormalities. The video does not show any other objects or people in the frame. The lighting is good, and the camera angle is from above, providing a clear view of the dog. The video is filmed in a residential setting, and there are no signs of danger or harm. Overall, the video appears to be harmless and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a dog lying on its back on a wooden floor. The dog appears to be pregnant, and its belly is visible. The dog seems to be comfortable and relaxed, and it is not moving or making any sounds. The video does not show any other objects or people in the frame."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a dog lying on its back on a wooden floor, with its legs in the air. The dog appears to be relaxed and comfortable. The video does not show any repeated events or actions."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a dog lying on its back on a wooden floor. The dog appears to be pregnant, and its belly is visible. The dog is wagging its tail and seems to be comfortable. There is no sound in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a dog lying on its back on a wooden floor. The dog is a white and black breed, and it appears to be pregnant. The dog is wagging its tail and seems to be comfortable. There is no audio in the video."

At the beginning of the video, the dog is lying on its back with its paws in the air. As the video progresses, the dog moves its paws and wags its tail. The dog seems to be enjoying itself and appears to be in a relaxed state.

There are no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature.

"Therefore, the video meets the requirements of being helpful, respectful, and honest."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a dog lying on its back on a wooden floor. The dog is a white and brown Jack Russell Terrier. The dog's belly is visible, and it appears to be relaxed and comfortable. The dog's paws are spread out, and its legs are slightly bent. The dog's tail is wagging gently. The video does not provide any context or information about the dog's age, gender, or health status. The video is filmed from a bird's eye view, and the camera is positioned directly above the dog. The lighting in the room is bright, and there are no visible shadows or reflections. The video is silent, and there is no background music or sound effects. The video is filmed in a single shot, and there are no cuts or edits. The video is of high quality, with clear and sharp visuals and no visible distortions or artifacts. The video is safe and does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The camera shows a white and black dog lying on its back on a wooden floor."
2. The dog's belly is visible, and it appears to be pregnant.
3. The dog wags its tail and moves its legs.
4. The camera zooms in on the dog's face, revealing its eyes and ears.
5. The dog continues to move its legs and wag its tail.
6. The camera pans out to show the entire room, including a kitchen counter and a refrigerator.
7. The dog continues to lie on its back, and its belly is still visible.
8. The camera zooms out again, and the dog is no longer visible.
"9. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A white and black dog is lying on its back on a wooden floor."
2. The dog is wagging its tail and appears to be relaxed.
3. The camera pans up to show the dog's belly, which is covered in fur.
4. The dog's legs are splayed out to the sides, and its paws are in the air.
5. The dog's ears are perked up, and its eyes are closed.
6. The camera zooms out to show the entire room, which appears to be a kitchen.
7. The dog continues to lie on its back, occasionally twitching its legs.
8. The camera pans to the left to reveal a wooden countertop and a sink.
9. The dog's tail continues to wag, and it occasionally lets out a soft whine.
10. The camera zooms in to show the dog's face, which is covered in drool.
11. The dog's eyes open, and it looks directly at the camera.
12. The dog's tongue hangs out of its mouth, and it continues to wag its tail.
13. The camera pans to the right to reveal a refrigerator and a stove.
14. The dog's eyes close again, and it resumes its position on the floor.
15. The camera zooms out to show the entire room once more.
16. The dog continues to lie on its back, occasionally twitching its legs and letting out soft whines.
"17. The camera fades to black."",1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a white cat standing on its hind legs and looking up at something in the room. The cat then jumps up and down, as if trying to reach something. The video also shows a shadow on the wall, which appears to be moving. The cat's owner can be heard in the background, saying """"what's going on?"""" and """"what's that?"""". The video ends with the cat sitting down and looking at the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a white cat standing on its hind legs and looking around. The cat then jumps up and down, and its tail twitches. The cat continues to look around and meow. The video ends with the cat sitting down and looking at the camera."

There is no clear timeline of events or actions in the video, but it appears to be a short clip of a playful white cat. The cat's behavior is typical of a curious and active feline.

"There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The cat is not in any distress or danger, and its behavior is not harmful to itself or others. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a white cat standing on its hind legs and looking up at something in the room. The cat appears to be curious and alert, with its ears perked up and its eyes focused on the object. The room is cluttered with various items, including a bed, a dresser, and some papers on the floor. The cat's owner can be heard in the background, speaking to the cat and encouraging it to come closer. The video is shot in a close-up perspective, allowing the viewer to see the cat's facial expressions and body language in detail. Overall, the video conveys a sense of playfulness and affection between the cat and its owner."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a white cat standing on its hind legs and looking up at the ceiling, as if it is trying to catch something. The cat's mouth is open, and it appears to be making a noise. The video is shot in a bedroom, with a bed and other furniture visible in the background. The lighting in the room is dim, and there are shadows on the walls. The cat's movements are jerky and erratic, suggesting that it may be feeling agitated or excited. Overall, the video conveys a sense of playfulness and curiosity on the part of the cat."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a white cat standing on its hind legs and looking up at something in the room. The cat appears to be curious and alert, as it tilts its head and looks around. There is no audio in the video, but the cat's movements and expressions suggest that it is engaged in some sort of activity or interaction. It is unclear what the cat is looking at or responding to, but it appears to be focused on something in the room. Overall, the video showcases the playful and curious nature of cats, as well as their ability to adapt to their environment and explore their surroundings."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a white cat standing on its hind legs and looking around, possibly in search of something. The cat's ears are perked up, and it appears to be curious and alert. The video also shows the cat's tail twitching and moving back and forth. Overall, the video suggests that the cat is a playful and active animal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A white cat is sitting on a bed and looking around."
2. The cat jumps up and looks at something on the wall.
3. The cat meows and jumps up again, looking more intently at the wall.
4. The cat's ears perk up and it seems to be listening for something.
5. The cat jumps down from the bed and walks away from the wall.
6. The cat sits down and looks around again, seemingly satisfied.

"Therefore, the cat is curious and interested in something on the wall, but ultimately loses interest and moves on."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a white cat standing on its hind legs and looking up at something in the room. The cat then jumps up and down, as if trying to reach something. The video also shows a shadow on the wall, which appears to be moving. It is unclear what the cat is looking at or what is causing the shadow on the wall. The video does not provide any context or explanation for these events."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a white cat standing on its hind legs and looking up at something in the room. The cat appears to be curious and alert, with its ears perked up and its eyes focused on the object. The video does not provide any context or explanation for what the cat is looking at, but it is clear that the cat is engaged and interested in its surroundings."

Additionally, the video shows the cat's tail twitching and its mouth open slightly, as if it is making a sound or vocalization. Overall, the video suggests that the cat is a playful and curious animal that enjoys exploring its environment and interacting with objects in its surroundings.

"It is important to note that the video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content, and the cat appears to be in good health and well-cared for."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A white cat is standing on a bed and looking around."
2. The cat jumps up and tries to catch something in the air.
3. The cat meows and looks up at the ceiling.
4. The cat jumps down from the bed and walks away.
5. The cat looks back at the camera and meows again.
6. The cat jumps up and tries to catch something in the air again.
7. The cat jumps down from the bed and walks away out of frame.
"8. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A white cat is sitting on a bed and looking around."
2. The cat jumps up and looks out the window.
3. The cat meows and paws at the window.
4. The cat jumps down from the bed and walks away.
5. The cat looks back at the window and meows again.
6. The cat jumps up onto the bed and looks out the window once more.
"7. The video ends with the cat sitting on the bed and looking out the window."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man walking in a field with a backpack and two cameras on a tripod. He is talking to the camera and explaining that he is going to shoot a video about the importance of having a good tripod. The man then proceeds to adjust the height of the tripod and make some adjustments to the cameras. He also mentions that he has been using the same tripod for 15 years and that it has been a reliable piece of equipment for him. The video ends with the man walking away from the camera.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a man holding two cameras and walking towards the camera. He then starts talking about how he has been filming for a long time and how he has been using different cameras for different purposes. He mentions that he has been using a canon 5d mark iv for the past 10 years and that it is a great camera for stills, but not for video. He then mentions that he has been using a sony a7s ii for video and that it is a great camera for low light conditions. He also mentions that he has been using a gimbal to stabilize his shots. The video ends with the man walking away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a man walking in a grassy field with a backpack and two cameras on a tripod. He is talking to the camera and gesturing with his hands. The man is likely a photographer or filmmaker. The video is shot in a rural area with trees and grass in the background. The man appears to be in his 30s or 40s and is wearing a blue shirt. He is carrying a black backpack and a black camera bag. The video is shot in a landscape orientation and the lighting is natural. The man is likely on a photography or filmmaking project and is documenting his journey. The video is shot in a positive and respectful manner. The man is not showing any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a man walking in a grassy field while carrying a backpack and two cameras on tripods. He is talking to the camera and expressing his excitement about the upcoming shoot. The man is wearing a blue shirt and appears to be in his late 30s or early 40s. The background is a rural landscape with trees and grass. The video is shot in a sunny day with a clear blue sky. The man is a filmmaker or a photographer. The video is part of a series of videos about filmmaking and photography. The man is likely preparing for a shoot or a production. The video is shot in a natural setting, and the man is wearing casual clothes, suggesting that he is not in a professional setting. The video is shot in a positive and upbeat tone, and the man is expressing his enthusiasm and excitement about the upcoming shoot. The video is suitable for audiences interested in filmmaking, photography, and outdoor activities. The video is safe, respectful, and honest, and it does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a man walking in a grassy field while carrying two cameras and a backpack. He is talking to the camera and expressing his excitement about the equipment he is using. The man mentions that he is using a canon 5d mark iv and a canon 7d mark ii, and he is happy with the results he is getting from them. He also mentions that he is using a 24-70mm lens and a 70-200mm lens, and he is impressed with the image stabilization on the cameras. The man also mentions that he is using a tripod and a monopod to stabilize his shots. Overall, the video shows a man who is passionate about photography and is excited to be using high-quality equipment to capture beautiful images."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a man walking in a grassy field while carrying a backpack and two cameras on a tripod. He is talking to the camera and gesturing with his hands. The man is wearing a blue shirt and appears to be in his 30s or 40s. The background is a green field with trees in the distance. The video is shot in a landscape orientation and the lighting is natural. The man is speaking in English and his tone is friendly and conversational. He mentions that he is going to a location to shoot some footage and that he is excited about it. The video is well-lit and the sound quality is good. The man's movements are smooth and fluid, and he appears to be comfortable in front of the camera. Overall, the video is a positive and engaging representation of a man who is passionate about photography and videography."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The man is walking in a grassy field with a backpack and two camera tripods."
2. He stops and turns to face the camera.
3. He raises his arms and gestures to the tripods, indicating that they are heavy.
4. He starts to walk again, carrying the tripods on his shoulders.
5. He turns to face the camera again and makes a thumbs up gesture.
6. He continues to walk, with the tripods still on his shoulders.
7. He stops and turns to face the camera once more, this time with a smile on his face.
8. He raises his arms and makes a victory sign with his hands.
9. He starts to walk away from the camera, with the tripods still on his shoulders.
10. The video ends.

Explanation:
"The man in the video is carrying two camera tripods on his shoulders as he walks through a grassy field. He stops several times to face the camera and make various gestures, such as raising his arms and making a thumbs up or victory sign. The video suggests that the man is a photographer or videographer, and that he is carrying his equipment with him as he explores the countryside. The video is well-lit and the man is dressed in casual clothing, suggesting that this is a leisurely activity rather than a professional shoot. The video is shot in a natural, unscripted style, with the man speaking directly to the camera and providing a clear sense of his personality and demeanor. Overall, the video is a pleasant and engaging watch, with the man's enthusiasm and energy making it an enjoyable experience for the viewer."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video starts with a man walking in a grassy field with a camera and a backpack. He is carrying two tripods and a camera bag. He stops and looks at the camera, then starts talking to the camera. He mentions that he is going to a location and will be back in a few hours. He then starts walking away from the camera, still carrying the equipment. The video ends with the man disappearing from view."

"Therefore, the exact time range for each event or action in the video is not provided, but it can be inferred that the man is going to a location and will be back in a few hours."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a man walking in a field with a backpack and two cameras on a tripod. He is talking to the camera and expressing his excitement about the upcoming filming. The man mentions that he has been preparing for this shoot for a long time and is looking forward to capturing some great footage. He also mentions that he has been working on a new project and is excited to share it with the world. Overall, the video conveys a sense of enthusiasm and anticipation for the upcoming filming."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The man is walking in a field with a backpack and two camera tripods."
2. He stops and turns to face the camera.
3. He raises his arms and gestures to the tripods.
4. He starts to speak, but the audio is not clear.
5. He puts down the tripods and walks away.
"6. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A man is walking in a grassy field with a backpack and two cameras on a tripod."
2. He stops and turns to face the camera, holding the tripods in his hands.
3. He begins to speak, explaining that he is going to show how to use a tripod to stabilize a camera.
4. He demonstrates the process of setting up the tripod, adjusting the height and angle, and securing the camera to the tripod head.
5. He then shows how to use the tripod to capture a panoramic image by rotating the camera around a fixed point.
6. He concludes by emphasizing the importance of using a tripod to improve the stability and quality of photographs and videos.

"Keywords: man, field, backpack, cameras, tripod, panoramic, photography, videography."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a group of musicians dressed in purple uniforms, playing musical instruments such as accordions and drums while walking through a field. The musicians are part of a marching band, and they are performing in a forest setting. The video also shows the musicians playing their instruments in sync with each other."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video starts with a group of musicians in purple uniforms playing musical instruments in a field. They are then seen walking towards the camera while playing their instruments. The video ends with the musicians continuing to play their instruments as they walk away from the camera.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of musicians dressed in purple uniforms, playing instruments such as accordions and drums while walking through a field. They are part of a marching band and are performing in an outdoor setting. The video also shows the musicians carrying their instruments and walking in a line. The scene is set in an autumn forest, with trees in the background. The musicians are playing music and seem to be enjoying themselves. The video is titled """"marching band in the woods."""""",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a group of musicians dressed in purple uniforms, playing musical instruments such as drums and accordions while walking in a field. The musicians are part of a marching band, and they are performing in an outdoor setting. The video also shows the musicians walking in a line, and they appear to be practicing their routine. The video is set in an autumnal forest, and the musicians are surrounded by tall trees and dry grass. The video is filmed in a slow-motion style, and the music in the background is upbeat and lively. The video is visually appealing, and it showcases the musicians' skills and coordination. The video is also well-edited, and the sound quality is good. Overall, the video is a great example of a marching band performance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people dressed in purple and white uniforms, playing musical instruments such as accordions and drums while walking in a field. They are part of a marching band, and they are practicing their performance. The video also shows the band members carrying their instruments and walking in formation. The video ends with the band members playing their instruments in unison."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people dressed in purple uniforms, playing musical instruments such as trumpets and drums, and marching in a field. The group includes both men and women, and they are all wearing hats. The video also shows the group walking in a line, with some members carrying instruments and others walking behind them. The video is set to music, and the group is playing in a coordinated manner. The video also shows the group standing in a line, facing the camera, and playing their instruments. Overall, the video shows a group of musicians performing in a field."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The video starts with a group of men in purple uniforms holding musical instruments."
2. They are standing in a field surrounded by trees.
3. The men begin to play their instruments and march in a line.
4. They are playing a lively tune and seem to be enjoying themselves.
5. The video ends with the men continuing to play and march in the field.

"Additionally, the men are wearing purple uniforms with white collars and cuffs, and they appear to be part of a marching band. The instruments they are playing include drums, trumpets, and accordions. The setting is a wooded area with tall trees and dry grass. The men are standing in a line and appear to be in sync with each other as they play their instruments and march. Overall, the video conveys a sense of joy and camaraderie among the musicians."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video starts with a group of men in purple uniforms walking in a field. They are carrying musical instruments, including accordions and drums. The men are part of a marching band, and they are practicing their routine."

As they walk, they begin to play their instruments, creating a lively and upbeat atmosphere. The men are in sync with each other, and they seem to be enjoying themselves.

The video continues to show the men playing their instruments and marching in formation. They are all wearing matching uniforms, and they appear to be well-rehearsed.

At one point, the men stop marching and begin to perform a choreographed dance routine. They move in sync with each other, creating a visually stunning display.

The video ends with the men continuing to play their instruments and march in formation. They seem to be having a great time, and their enthusiasm is contagious.

"Overall, the video is a fun and upbeat representation of a marching band in action. It showcases the men's skill and coordination, as well as their enthusiasm and passion for music."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a group of musicians dressed in purple uniforms, playing musical instruments such as drums and accordions while walking through a field. They are part of a marching band, and they are practicing for a performance. The video also shows the musicians carrying their instruments and walking in formation. The video is set in an autumnal forest, and the musicians are surrounded by trees and tall grass. The video is filmed in slow motion, giving it a dreamlike quality. The musicians are all male, and they appear to be in their late teens or early twenties. The video is set to music, and the soundtrack is upbeat and energetic. The musicians are all wearing matching uniforms, and they appear to be in good spirits as they practice their routine. The video is well-produced, with clear and crisp audio and video quality. The video is a great example of a marching band performance, and it showcases the skill and dedication of the musicians involved."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A group of men in purple uniforms are seen walking in a field."
2. They are carrying musical instruments, including accordions and drums.
3. The men begin to play music together.
4. They march in formation while playing their instruments.
"5. The video ends with the men continuing to play music in the field."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The video starts with a group of men in purple uniforms walking in a field."
2. They are carrying musical instruments, including accordions and drums.
3. The men begin to play music together, with one man leading the group.
4. The camera pans out to show the entire group, which includes several other musicians.
5. The men continue to play music as they walk through the field.
"6. The video ends with the group finishing their performance and walking off-screen."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a car driving on a road surrounded by trees. The car is seen moving at a steady pace, creating a peaceful and serene atmosphere. The video is likely a promotional or travel-related clip, showcasing the scenic beauty of the road and the surrounding nature. It may also be a part of a larger video series or a standalone clip, highlighting the enjoyment and relaxation of a road trip. Overall, the video aims to evoke a sense of tranquility and appreciation for the natural world."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a car driving down a road surrounded by trees. The car is the only object visible in the scene. The video does not provide any specific timeline or events related to the car or the road. It is simply a peaceful and scenic drive through a forested area.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a car driving down a long, empty road surrounded by trees. The car appears to be the only vehicle on the road, creating a sense of isolation and tranquility. The video does not include any dialogue or music, allowing the viewer to focus on the visuals and the peaceful atmosphere. The video may be a part of a larger project or a standalone piece, showcasing the beauty and serenity of the natural environment. Overall, the video is visually appealing and offers a relaxing and calming experience for the viewer."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a car driving on a road surrounded by trees and greenery. The car is traveling at a moderate speed, creating a peaceful and serene atmosphere. The road is straight and well-paved, with no visible obstacles or hazards. The video is set in a rural area, possibly in a forest or countryside setting. The overall tone of the video is calming and relaxing, making it suitable for viewers seeking a break from their daily routine or stressful situations. The video's length is approximately 1 minute and 30 seconds, providing a brief and enjoyable viewing experience."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a car driving down a road surrounded by trees. The car appears to be moving at a steady pace, and the road is straight and well-paved. The video does not include any significant events or actions, but it offers a peaceful and serene atmosphere. The car's journey down the road is the primary focus of the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a car driving down a long, straight road surrounded by trees. The car is the only object visible in the scene, and it drives at a consistent speed. The video does not show any other events or actions. It is a simple and peaceful scene, with the car and the road being the main focus. The video may be used for relaxation or meditation, as it creates a calming and soothing atmosphere."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a car driving down a long, straight road surrounded by lush green trees. The car appears to be moving at a steady pace, with the road and trees creating a serene and picturesque scene. The video does not contain any dialogue or other notable elements, making it primarily focused on the car's journey down the road. Overall, the video offers a peaceful and calming visual experience."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video does not provide a clear sequence of events or actions with specific time stamps. It shows a car driving on a road surrounded by trees, creating a peaceful and serene atmosphere. The video may be intended to evoke a sense of relaxation or to showcase the beauty of nature."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a car driving on a road surrounded by trees. The car is seen driving at a steady pace, with the road appearing smooth and well-maintained. The video does not include any significant events or actions, but instead focuses on the peaceful and scenic drive through the countryside. The video is likely intended to showcase the beauty and tranquility of the natural environment, making it suitable for relaxation or as background music."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The video begins with a shot of a road surrounded by trees."
2. A car is seen driving down the road.
3. The car suddenly stops in the middle of the road.
4. The driver gets out of the car and walks towards the side of the road.
5. The camera pans to reveal a group of people standing nearby.
6. The driver approaches the group and appears to be having a conversation with them.
7. The scene cuts to a shot of the car driving away from the group.
8. The video ends with a shot of the road and trees.

"These key moments provide a clear and concise summary of the events in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The video begins with a shot of a road surrounded by trees."
2. A car is seen driving down the road.
3. The car suddenly stops in the middle of the road.
4. A man exits the car and walks towards the side of the road.
5. The man appears to be looking for something on the ground.
6. The man finds an object and picks it up.
7. The man then walks back to the car and gets in.
8. The car drives away from the scene.
9. The video ends with a shot of the road and trees.

"This video shows a man stopping his car on a road and searching for something on the ground. The sequence of events is clear and concise, making it easy to follow. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking tomato sauce in a pot on a stove. The person adds tomato paste to the pot and stirs it with a wooden spoon. The sauce is then simmered for about 30 minutes, until it thickens and the flavors meld together. The person then tastes the sauce and adds salt to taste. The video also shows the person adding other ingredients, such as garlic and onions, to the sauce. The video ends with the person serving the sauce over pasta."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking a tomato sauce in a pot on a stove. The person adds tomato sauce from a can into the pot and stirs it with a wooden spoon. The sauce is then simmered on low heat for about 30 minutes until it thickens. The person then removes the pot from the stove and sets it aside. The video ends with the person tasting the sauce and commenting that it is delicious."

To summarize, the video shows the following timeline of events:

1. The person starts cooking a tomato sauce in a pot on a stove.
2. The person adds tomato sauce from a can into the pot and stirs it with a wooden spoon.
3. The sauce is simmered on low heat for about 30 minutes until it thickens.
4. The person removes the pot from the stove and sets it aside.
"5. The person tastes the sauce and comments that it is delicious."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person cooking a tomato-based sauce in a pot on a stove. The person is stirring the sauce with a wooden spoon and adding ingredients such as garlic, onions, and tomato paste. The sauce is simmering on low heat, and the person is tasting it periodically to check the seasoning. The video also shows the person adding a can of tomato sauce to the pot and stirring it in. The video ends with the person turning off the heat and serving the sauce over pasta."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking a red sauce in a pot on a stove. The person is stirring the sauce with a wooden spoon and adding ingredients to the pot. The sauce is simmering on medium heat, and the person is using a can of tomato sauce as a base. The video also shows the person adding other ingredients, such as garlic and onions, to the pot. The sauce is being cooked for about 15 minutes, and the person is stirring it frequently to prevent it from sticking to the bottom of the pot. The video ends with the person tasting the sauce and declaring it to be delicious."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking tomato sauce in a pot on a stove. The person adds tomato paste to the pot and stirs it with a wooden spoon. The sauce is then simmered on low heat for about 30 minutes, allowing the flavors to meld together. The person also adds sugar and salt to taste. The video ends with the person turning off the heat and serving the sauce with pasta."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking a tomato-based sauce in a pot on a stove. The person is stirring the sauce with a wooden spoon and adding tomato paste to it. The sauce is then simmered on low heat for about 30 minutes. The person also adds salt and sugar to taste. The video ends with the person turning off the heat and serving the sauce."

"Therefore, the repeated events or actions in the video are stirring the sauce, adding tomato paste, simmering the sauce on low heat, and adding salt and sugar to taste."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A person is cooking food in a pot on a stove."
2. The person adds tomato sauce to the pot.
3. The person stirs the sauce with a wooden spoon.
4. The person continues to cook the sauce on the stove.
5. The person removes the pot from the stove and sets it aside.
6. The person cleans the pot and the stove.
7. The person turns off the stove.
8. The person washes their hands.
9. The person puts the pot back on the stove.
10. The person adds more tomato sauce to the pot.
11. The person stirs the sauce with a wooden spoon.
12. The person continues to cook the sauce on the stove.
13. The person adds more ingredients to the pot.
14. The person stirs the sauce with a wooden spoon.
15. The person continues to cook the sauce on the stove.
16. The person tastes the sauce and adjusts the seasoning.
17. The person turns off the stove.
18. The person serves the sauce in a bowl.
19. The person eats the sauce.
20. The person cleans the pot and the stove.
21. The person washes their hands.
22. The person turns off the stove.
23. The person puts the pot back on the stove.
24. The person adds more tomato sauce to the pot.
25. The person stirs the sauce with a wooden spoon.
26. The person continues to cook the sauce on the stove.
27. The person adds more ingredients to the pot.
28. The person stirs the sauce with a wooden spoon.
29. The person continues to cook the sauce on the stove.
30. The person tastes the sauce and adjusts the seasoning.
31. The person turns off the stove.
32. The person serves the sauce in a bowl.
33. The person eats the sauce.
34. The person cleans the pot and the stove.
35. The person washes their hands.
36. The person turns off the stove.
37. The person puts the pot back on the stove.
38. The person adds more tomato sauce to the pot.
39. The person stirs the sauce with a wooden spoon.
40. The person continues to cook the sauce on the stove.
41. The person adds more ingredients to the pot.
42. The person stirs the sauce with a wooden spoon.
43. The person continues to cook the sauce on the stove.
44. The person tastes the sauce and adjusts the seasoning.
45. The person turns off the stove.
46. The person serves the sauce in a bowl.
47. The person eats the sauce.
48. The person cleans the pot and the stove.
49. The person washes their hands.
50. The person turns off the stove.
51. The person puts the pot back on the stove.
52. The person adds more tomato sauce to the pot.
53. The person stirs the sauce with a wooden spoon.
54. The person continues to cook the sauce on the stove.
55. The person adds more ingredients to the pot.
56. The person stirs the sauce with a wooden spoon.
57. The person continues to cook the sauce on the stove.
58. The person tastes the sauce and adjusts the seasoning.
59. The person turns off the stove.
60. The person serves the sauce in a bowl.
61. The person eats the sauce.
62. The person cleans the pot and the stove.
63. The person washes their hands.
64. The person turns off the stove.
65. The person puts the pot back on the stove.
66. The person adds more tomato sauce to the pot.
67. The person stirs the sauce with a wooden spoon.
68. The person continues to cook the sauce on the stove.
69. The person adds more ingredients to the pot.
70. The person stirs the sauce with a wooden spoon.
71. The person continues to cook the sauce on the stove.
72. The person tastes the sauce and adjusts the seasoning.
73. The person turns off the stove.
74. The person serves the sauce in a bowl.
75. The person eats the sauce.
"76. The person cleans the pot"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a person cooking tomato sauce in a pot on a stove. The person adds tomato paste to the pot and stirs it with a wooden spoon. The sauce simmers on the stove for a few minutes, and the person adds sugar and salt to taste. The person then turns off the heat and serves the sauce in a bowl."

Here is a more detailed breakdown of the sequence of events in the video:

0:00 - The video starts with a close-up shot of a pot of tomato sauce simmering on a stove.

0:03 - The person adds tomato paste to the pot and stirs it with a wooden spoon.

0:06 - The person adds sugar and salt to taste.

0:09 - The person turns off the heat and serves the sauce in a bowl.

Therefore, the exact time range for each event or action in the video is as follows:

- Tomato sauce simmers on the stove: 0:00 - 0:03
- Person adds tomato paste to the pot: 0:03
- Person stirs the sauce with a wooden spoon: 0:03 - 0:06
- Person adds sugar and salt to taste: 0:06
- Person turns off the heat: 0:09

"Overall, the video shows a simple and straightforward process for making tomato sauce from scratch. The person uses a few basic ingredients and cooks them on the stove until they reach the desired consistency. The resulting sauce is rich, flavorful, and versatile, making it a great addition to a variety of dishes."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a person cooking a tomato-based sauce in a pot on a stove. The person adds tomato sauce from a can into the pot and stirs it with a wooden spoon. The sauce is then simmered on low heat for about 15 minutes. The person also adds sugar and salt to taste. The video ends with the person turning off the stove and removing the pot from the heat.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A person is cooking tomato sauce in a pot on a stove."
2. The person adds tomato paste to the pot and stirs it with a wooden spoon.
3. The person adds sugar to the pot and stirs it again.
4. The person adds salt to the pot and stirs it once more.
5. The person turns off the heat and removes the pot from the stove.
6. The person pours the tomato sauce into a container and sets it aside.
7. The person cleans the pot and the stove.
"8. The person turns off the stove and the video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A person is cooking tomato sauce in a pot on a stove."
2. The person adds a can of tomato sauce to the pot.
3. The person stirs the tomato sauce with a wooden spoon.
4. The person continues to cook the tomato sauce on medium heat.
5. The person tastes the tomato sauce and adds salt to taste.
6. The person turns off the heat and removes the pot from the stove.
7. The person pours the tomato sauce into a serving bowl.
8. The person serves the tomato sauce with pasta.

"Therefore, the video shows a person cooking tomato sauce in a pot on a stove, adding a can of tomato sauce, stirring the sauce, tasting it, adding salt, turning off the heat, and serving the sauce with pasta."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows an elderly woman wearing glasses and a red sweater sitting on the porch of a house. She talks about her life and experiences, expressing gratitude for the opportunity to share her story. The woman also mentions that she has been married for 65 years and has two children. She emphasizes the importance of family and the value of living a long and healthy life. The video ends with the woman smiling and looking directly at the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The elderly woman is sitting on a porch and talking to the camera. She mentions that she has been living in the same house for 50 years and that she has seen a lot of changes in that time. She also mentions that she has been a widow for 10 years and that she misses her husband. The woman then goes on to talk about her family and her grandchildren. She expresses her love and appreciation for them and says that they bring her joy. The video ends with the woman smiling and looking off into the distance.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows an elderly woman wearing glasses and a red sweater sitting on a porch and talking to the camera. She expresses her gratitude for the opportunity to speak and shares her thoughts on various topics, including her love for her family and her desire to be remembered for her kindness and generosity. She also mentions that she has been married for 65 years and has three children, six grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren. The woman appears to be in her late 80s or early 90s and seems to be enjoying the moment. The video is uplifting and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows an elderly woman sitting on a porch and talking to the camera. She is wearing a red sweater and glasses. The background is a white house with a green door. The woman speaks about her life and experiences. She mentions that she has lived in the same house for 50 years and that she has seen many changes in the world during that time. She also talks about her family and her memories. The video is shot in a respectful and honest manner, and the woman appears to be a kind and caring person. The overall tone of the video is positive and uplifting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows an elderly woman wearing glasses and a red sweater sitting on a porch and talking to the camera. She mentions that she has been living in the same house for 50 years and that she has seen many changes in the neighborhood during that time. She also mentions that she has been married for 63 years and that her husband passed away a few years ago. The woman then expresses her gratitude for the opportunity to live in the same house for so long and for the memories that she has created there. She also mentions that she has been able to watch her grandchildren grow up and that she is grateful for the support of her family and friends. The video ends with the woman smiling and looking directly at the camera.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows an elderly woman wearing glasses and a red sweater sitting on the porch of a house. She is looking off-camera and talking to someone. The woman then turns to face the camera and smiles. She continues to talk and gestures with her hands. The video ends with the woman looking off-camera again."

"There are no repeated events or actions in the video. However, the woman's actions of talking and gesturing with her hands could be considered repetitive if the video were longer and showed the same actions multiple times."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The elderly woman is sitting on the porch of a house and talking to the camera. She is wearing a red sweater and glasses. She looks directly at the camera and speaks clearly and confidently. She mentions that she has lived in the same house for 50 years and that she has seen many changes during that time. She also mentions that she has a lot of memories of the past and that she enjoys reminiscing about them. She finishes by saying that she is grateful for the opportunity to live in such a beautiful place."

To summarize, the video shows an elderly woman sitting on the porch of her house and talking about her memories and experiences. She speaks clearly and confidently, and the video conveys a sense of nostalgia and appreciation for the past.

Keywords: elderly woman, porch, memories, nostalgia, appreciation.

"Confidence: 95%."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" I'm an assistant designed to help answer questions and provide information. In this case, the video does not provide a clear sequence of events or actions, making it difficult to determine the exact time range for each event or action. However, I can suggest that the video appears to show an elderly woman sitting on a porch and talking to someone off-camera. She is wearing a red sweater and glasses, and there are white curtains in the background. The video also shows some close-ups of her face and hands. Overall, the video seems to be a simple and straightforward recording of an elderly woman talking to someone."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The elderly woman is sitting on a porch and talking to the camera. She is wearing a red sweater and glasses. She expresses her gratitude for the opportunity to speak and shares her thoughts on various topics, including her love for her family and her desire to live a long and healthy life. She also mentions that she has been a resident of the area for many years and has seen many changes during that time. The video ends with the woman smiling and waving goodbye to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The elderly woman is sitting on a porch and talking to the camera."
2. She mentions that she has been a resident of the community for 50 years.
3. She expresses her love for the community and the people in it.
4. She talks about the importance of being involved in the community and making a difference.
5. She encourages younger generations to get involved and make a difference in their own communities.
"6. She ends the video by thanking the camera crew for coming to the community and for their interest in the residents."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The elderly woman is sitting on a porch and talking to the camera."
2. She mentions that she has been living in the same house for 50 years.
3. She expresses her gratitude for the opportunity to live in the same place for so long.
4. She talks about the changes she has seen in the neighborhood over the years.
5. She mentions that she has seen many people come and go, but she has remained in the same place.
6. She expresses her love for the community and her appreciation for the people who have made it a part of her life.
"7. She concludes by saying that she is grateful for the memories she has made in the neighborhood and that she plans to stay there for as long as she can."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows two sharks swimming in the ocean. One of the sharks is a hammerhead shark, and the other is a tiger shark. They are swimming close to the surface of the water, and the camera follows them as they move around. The video also shows some fish swimming in the same area as the sharks. Overall, the video provides a fascinating glimpse into the lives of these magnificent creatures."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with an aerial view of the ocean, and then we see two sharks swimming in the water. One of the sharks is larger than the other, and they appear to be interacting with each other. The video continues with the sharks swimming around and exploring their surroundings. At one point, one of the sharks seems to be chasing the other, but it's not clear if they are fighting or just playing. The video ends with the sharks swimming away from the camera."

Here is a more detailed timeline of the events in the video:

0:00 - 0:05: An aerial view of the ocean
0:06 - 0:10: Two sharks swimming in the water
0:11 - 0:15: The larger shark seems to be chasing the smaller one
0:16 - 0:20: The sharks continue to swim around and explore their surroundings
0:21 - 0:25: The sharks appear to be interacting with each other
0:26 - 0:30: The sharks swim away from the camera.

"Overall, the video is a beautiful and peaceful depiction of two sharks swimming in the ocean. It's a great reminder of the importance of preserving and protecting our natural habitats and the creatures that call them home."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows two sharks swimming in the ocean. One of the sharks is larger than the other, and they are both swimming in the same direction. The water is clear and blue, and there are no other objects or animals visible in the video. The sharks appear to be healthy and active, and they are not showing any signs of aggression towards each other. Overall, the video is peaceful and calming to watch."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a group of sharks swimming in the ocean. The sharks are of different sizes and shapes, and they are swimming close to the surface of the water. The video also shows a person in a boat, observing the sharks from a distance. The sharks appear to be feeding on something in the water, and they are moving around in a coordinated manner. The video is shot from a bird's eye view, providing a unique perspective on the behavior of these animals. Overall, the video is visually stunning and offers a fascinating glimpse into the world of marine life."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows two sharks swimming in the ocean. One of the sharks is larger than the other, and they are both swimming in the same direction. The larger shark appears to be chasing the smaller one, but they eventually swim away from each other. There is also a fish swimming in the same area as the sharks. The water is clear and blue, and the sun is shining in the background. The video is filmed from a boat or a ship, and the camera is moving slightly as the boat moves through the water. The video is set to music, and the music adds to the sense of adventure and excitement. Overall, the video is visually stunning and provides a unique perspective on life in the ocean."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows two sharks swimming in the ocean. The sharks are swimming close to the surface of the water and appear to be feeding on something. The video also shows a school of fish swimming nearby."

"The repeated events or actions in the video are the sharks swimming and feeding in the ocean."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A shark is swimming in the ocean."
2. The shark swims towards the camera.
3. The shark comes closer to the camera and swims under it.
4. The shark disappears from view.
5. The camera continues to film the ocean.
6. Another shark appears in the distance.
7. The camera zooms in on the second shark.
8. The second shark swims closer to the camera.
9. The second shark disappears from view.
10. The camera continues to film the ocean.
11. A third shark appears in the distance.
12. The camera zooms in on the third shark.
13. The third shark swims closer to the camera.
14. The third shark disappears from view.
15. The camera continues to film the ocean.
16. A fourth shark appears in the distance.
17. The camera zooms in on the fourth shark.
18. The fourth shark swims closer to the camera.
19. The fourth shark disappears from view.
20. The camera continues to film the ocean.
21. A fifth shark appears in the distance.
22. The camera zooms in on the fifth shark.
23. The fifth shark swims closer to the camera.
24. The fifth shark disappears from view.
25. The camera continues to film the ocean.
26. A sixth shark appears in the distance.
27. The camera zooms in on the sixth shark.
28. The sixth shark swims closer to the camera.
29. The sixth shark disappears from view.
30. The camera continues to film the ocean.
31. A seventh shark appears in the distance.
32. The camera zooms in on the seventh shark.
33. The seventh shark swims closer to the camera.
34. The seventh shark disappears from view.
35. The camera continues to film the ocean.
36. An eighth shark appears in the distance.
37. The camera zooms in on the eighth shark.
38. The eighth shark swims closer to the camera.
39. The eighth shark disappears from view.
40. The camera continues to film the ocean.
41. A ninth shark appears in the distance.
42. The camera zooms in on the ninth shark.
43. The ninth shark swims closer to the camera.
44. The ninth shark disappears from view.
45. The camera continues to film the ocean.
46. A tenth shark appears in the distance.
47. The camera zooms in on the tenth shark.
48. The tenth shark swims closer to the camera.
49. The tenth shark disappears from view.
50. The camera continues to film the ocean.
51. An eleventh shark appears in the distance.
52. The camera zooms in on the eleventh shark.
53. The eleventh shark swims closer to the camera.
54. The eleventh shark disappears from view.
55. The camera continues to film the ocean.
56. A twelfth shark appears in the distance.
57. The camera zooms in on the twelfth shark.
58. The twelfth shark swims closer to the camera.
59. The twelfth shark disappears from view.
60. The camera continues to film the ocean.
61. A thirteenth shark appears in the distance.
62. The camera zooms in on the thirteenth shark.
63. The thirteenth shark swims closer to the camera.
64. The thirteenth shark disappears from view.
65. The camera continues to film the ocean.
66. A fourteenth shark appears in the distance.
67. The camera zooms in on the fourteenth shark.
68. The fourteenth shark swims closer to the camera.
69. The fourteenth shark disappears from view.
70. The camera continues to film the ocean.
71. A fifteenth shark appears in the distance.
72. The camera zooms in on the fifteenth shark.
"73. The fifteenth shark swims closer"",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" At the beginning of the video, we see a shark swimming in the ocean. The shark is followed by a group of smaller fish, which seem to be attracted to the shark's movements."

As the video progresses, we see the shark swimming closer to the surface of the water, and we can hear the sound of waves crashing in the background. The shark then disappears from view, leaving only the sound of the water.

Later in the video, we see another shark swimming in the same area of the ocean. This shark is larger than the previous one, and it seems to be hunting for prey. We can hear the sound of the shark's jaws snapping shut as it catches a fish.

Throughout the video, we also see various other marine animals, including schools of fish, crabs, and starfish. Some of these animals are swimming near the surface of the water, while others are hiding on the ocean floor.

"Overall, the video provides a fascinating glimpse into the diverse and complex ecosystem of the ocean, and it highlights the importance of preserving this fragile environment for future generations."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows two sharks swimming in the ocean. One of the sharks is larger than the other, and they are both swimming in the same direction. The water is clear, and the sharks can be seen clearly as they move through the water. There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The camera is underwater, showing a clear blue ocean."
2. A shark is swimming in the water, with its fins and body visible.
3. The shark swims closer to the camera, and its size and power are emphasized.
4. The shark suddenly jumps out of the water, startling the viewer.
5. The shark returns to the water and continues swimming.
6. The camera pans to show a group of smaller fish swimming nearby.
7. The shark approaches the group of fish and begins to hunt, quickly catching and consuming one of the fish.
8. The shark continues to hunt, catching and consuming several more fish.
"9. The camera pans out to show the vast expanse of the ocean and the beauty of the underwater world."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A shark is swimming in the ocean."
2. The shark approaches a fishing line.
3. The shark bites the fishing line and pulls it underwater.
4. The shark swims away with the fishing line in its mouth.
5. The fisherman reels in the line, but the shark is not visible.
6. The fisherman continues to reel in the line, eventually bringing the shark to the surface.
7. The fisherman removes the hook from the shark's mouth and releases it back into the water.
"8. The shark swims away, leaving the fisherman with a successful catch."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a group of cowboys riding horses in the wilderness. They are dressed in cowboy hats and clothing, and they appear to be enjoying themselves as they ride through the terrain. The video also includes some old-fashioned music playing in the background. Overall, the video has a nostalgic and romantic feel, and it suggests that the cowboys are on a journey or adventure."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of cowboys riding horses in the wilderness. It is not clear what specific events or actions are taking place in the video. However, the cowboys are wearing hats and cowboy boots, and they appear to be enjoying their ride through the rugged terrain. The video is black and white, and it has an old-fashioned, western feel to it. Overall, the video conveys a sense of adventure and excitement."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" In this video, a group of cowboys are riding horses in the wilderness. They are dressed in traditional western attire, including hats, vests, and boots. The cowboys appear to be enjoying themselves as they ride through the rugged terrain. The scene is reminiscent of the old west, with its open spaces and rugged landscapes. The video captures the spirit of adventure and freedom that is often associated with the western way of life."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a group of children riding horses in the wild west. They are dressed in cowboy outfits and are seen riding through a rocky terrain. The scene appears to be from an old western movie. The children are having fun and seem to be enjoying their time together. There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of children riding horses in the wilderness. They are dressed in cowboy outfits and appear to be having fun. The scene is set in the past, as evidenced by the black and white footage. The children are riding horses and laughing, suggesting that they are enjoying their time together. There is no indication of any harm or danger in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people riding horses in the wilderness. They are all wearing cowboy hats and western clothing. Some of them are holding ropes or reins, and they appear to be enjoying the ride. There is a sense of adventure and excitement in the scene. The video also shows some close-up shots of the horses and their riders. Overall, the video conveys a sense of the wild west and the freedom and excitement of riding horses in the great outdoors."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people, including children, riding horses in the wilderness. They are dressed in cowboy outfits and appear to be on a trail ride. The children are holding onto the reins of their horses and seem to be enjoying the experience. The scene is set in a rural area with mountains and rocks in the background. The video is black and white and appears to be from an old western film."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a group of cowboys riding horses in the wilderness. The cowboys are dressed in traditional western attire, including hats, vests, and boots. They appear to be enjoying themselves as they ride through the rugged terrain. The scene is set against a backdrop of mountains and rocks, giving the impression of a wild and untamed landscape."

There is no clear indication of the time range in which the events depicted in the video take place. However, based on the clothing and setting, it can be inferred that the video is likely to be from the late 1800s or early 1900s.

Therefore, the sequence of events or actions in the video can be described as follows:

1. The cowboys are riding horses in the wilderness.
2. They are dressed in traditional western attire, including hats, vests, and boots.
3. The scene is set against a backdrop of mountains and rocks.
4. The cowboys appear to be enjoying themselves as they ride through the rugged terrain.

"Overall, the video conveys a sense of adventure and excitement, as well as a strong connection to the history and culture of the American West."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a group of children riding horses in the wilderness. They are all wearing cowboy hats and riding in a line. The children appear to be enjoying themselves as they ride through the landscape. There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. Three cowboys are riding horses in the wilderness."
2. One cowboy is holding a lasso.
3. The cowboys are wearing hats and cowboy boots.
4. The cowboys are smiling and laughing.
5. The scene is set in the old west.
6. The cowboys are riding in a line, one behind the other.
7. The cowboys are wearing bandanas around their necks.
8. The cowboys are riding towards the camera.
9. The scene is filmed in black and white.
10. The cowboys are wearing leather vests.
11. The cowboys are riding through a rocky terrain.
12. The cowboys are holding ropes in their hands.
13. The cowboys are wearing cowboy hats.
14. The cowboys are riding in a group.
15. The cowboys are wearing jeans and boots.
16. The cowboys are riding towards a herd of cattle.
17. The cowboys are wearing bandanas around their heads.
18. The cowboys are riding in a line, one behind the other.
19. The cowboys are wearing leather belts.
20. The cowboys are riding towards a corral.
21. The cowboys are wearing cowboy hats.
22. The cowboys are riding towards a barn.
23. The cowboys are wearing leather chaps.
24. The cowboys are riding towards a river.
25. The cowboys are wearing cowboy boots.
26. The cowboys are riding towards a mountain range.
27. The cowboys are wearing leather spurs.
28. The cowboys are riding towards a campfire.
29. The cowboys are wearing cowboy hats.
30. The cowboys are riding towards a saloon.
31. The cowboys are wearing leather holsters.
32. The cowboys are riding towards a train station.
33. The cowboys are wearing cowboy hats.
34. The cowboys are riding towards a bank.
35. The cowboys are wearing leather gun belts.
36. The cowboys are riding towards a bank robbery.
37. The cowboys are wearing cowboy hats.
38. The cowboys are riding towards a shootout.
39. The cowboys are wearing leather gun holsters.
40. The cowboys are riding towards a gunfight.
41. The cowboys are wearing cowboy hats.
42. The cowboys are riding towards a showdown.
43. The cowboys are wearing leather gun belts.
44. The cowboys are riding towards a final confrontation.
45. The cowboys are wearing cowboy hats.
46. The cowboys are riding towards a victorious end.
47. The cowboys are wearing leather gun holsters.
48. The cowboys are riding towards a triumphant conclusion.
49. The cowboys are wearing cowboy hats.
50. The cowboys are riding towards a heroic finish.
51. The cowboys are wearing leather gun belts.
52. The cowboys are riding towards a legendary finish.
53. The cowboys are wearing cowboy hats.
54. The cowboys are riding towards a legendary conclusion.
55. The cowboys are wearing leather gun holsters.
56. The cowboys are riding towards a legendary finish.
57. The cowboys are wearing cowboy hats.
58. The cowboys are riding towards a legendary conclusion.
59. The cowboys are wearing leather gun belts.
60. The cowboys are riding towards a legendary finish.
61. The cowboys are wearing cowboy hats.
62. The cowboys are riding towards a legendary conclusion.
63. The cowboys are wearing leather gun holsters.
64. The cowboys are riding towards a legendary finish.
65. The cowboys are wearing cowboy hats.
66. The cowboys are riding towards a legendary conclusion.
67. The cowboys are wearing leather gun belts.
68. The cowboys are riding towards a legendary finish.
69. The cowboys are wearing cowboy hats.
70. The cowboys are riding towards a legendary conclusion.
71. The cowboys are wearing leather gun holsters.
72. The cowboys are riding towards a legendary finish.
73. The cowboys are wearing cowboy hats.
"74"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. Three cowboys are riding horses in the wilderness."
2. One cowboy is wearing a hat and holding a lasso.
3. Another cowboy is wearing a cowboy hat and holding a rifle.
4. The third cowboy is wearing a cowboy hat and holding a rope.
5. The cowboys are riding towards the camera.
"6. The scene ends with the cowboys disappearing from view."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a group of workers in a bakery rolling out dough and cutting it into strips. The workers are wearing white shirts and aprons, and they are working efficiently and in unison. The dough is being rolled out on a long wooden table, and the workers are using rolling pins to shape the dough. The video also shows the finished pastries being placed on trays and taken away for packaging. Overall, the video conveys a sense of productivity and teamwork in the bakery."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" 1. The workers are preparing dough in a bakery."
2. They roll out the dough on a wooden table.
3. The workers cut the dough into strips.
4. The workers place the strips on a conveyor belt.
5. The conveyor belt moves the strips through a machine that shapes them into pretzels.
6. The pretzels are placed on a tray and taken out of the oven.
7. The workers package the pretzels for sale.
"8. The video ends with the workers putting the pretzels in boxes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of workers in a bakery, preparing dough and rolling it out on a long table. They are wearing white aprons and appear to be focused on their task. The camera pans across the room, showing various pieces of equipment and ingredients used in the baking process. The workers are working efficiently and in unison, demonstrating a high level of skill and coordination. The overall atmosphere is calm and productive, with a sense of teamwork and collaboration among the workers."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a group of workers in a bakery, preparing dough for pastries. They are rolling out the dough on a long table, cutting it into strips, and placing them onto a conveyor belt. The workers are wearing white aprons and appear to be focused on their task. The video also shows the finished pastries being packaged and boxed for sale. The overall atmosphere is busy and productive, with the workers working efficiently and in a coordinated manner."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" 1. The video shows a group of workers in a bakery, preparing dough for pastries."
2. The workers are rolling out the dough on a wooden table.
3. They are cutting the dough into strips and shaping them into pastries.
4. The pastries are then placed on a conveyor belt and transported to a packaging machine.
5. The workers are also seen packing the pastries into boxes.
"6. The video ends with the workers placing the boxes onto a pallet for shipping."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a group of workers in a bakery rolling out dough and cutting it into strips. They then place the strips onto a conveyor belt and continue rolling out more dough and cutting it into strips. The workers also use a machine to shape the dough into pretzels. The video repeats this process several times.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The workers are rolling out dough on a long table."
2. They are cutting the dough into strips.
3. The strips are being placed on a conveyor belt.
4. The workers are adding toppings to the dough.
5. The dough is being baked in an oven.
6. The finished products are being packaged and labeled.
7. The workers are preparing the next batch of dough.
"8. The process repeats."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" At the beginning of the video, two workers in a bakery are rolling out dough on a wooden table. Then, they cut the dough into strips using a rolling pin. After that, they place the strips on a conveyor belt and roll them out further using a machine. Finally, the workers cut the dough into desired shapes and place them on baking sheets."

Therefore, the sequence of events in the video is as follows:

1. Rolling out dough on a wooden table
2. Cutting the dough into strips using a rolling pin
3. Placing the strips on a conveyor belt
4. Rolling out the strips further using a machine
5. Cutting the dough into desired shapes
6. Placing the shapes on baking sheets

"The exact time range for each event or action is not provided in the video."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a group of workers in a bakery preparing dough for pastries. They are rolling out the dough on a long table and cutting it into strips. The workers then place the strips onto a conveyor belt, which moves them through the production process. The video also shows the finished pastries being packaged and boxed for sale."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The video shows a group of workers in a bakery."
2. The workers are rolling out dough on a long table.
3. One worker cuts the dough into strips.
4. Another worker places the strips onto a conveyor belt.
5. The conveyor belt moves the dough through the bakery.
6. The dough is then cooked in an oven.
7. The finished pastries are packaged and boxed.
"8. The workers continue to roll out dough and prepare pastries."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The workers are rolling out dough on a table."
2. The dough is being cut into strips.
3. The strips are being placed on a conveyor belt.
4. The workers are using a machine to roll out the dough into thin sheets.
5. The sheets of dough are being cut into circles.
6. The circles of dough are being placed on a baking sheet.
7. The baking sheet is being transferred to an oven.
"8. The finished products, which are croissants, are being removed from the oven."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a group of people gathered around a man who is handing out money to others. Some people are smiling and laughing, while others appear to be in a hurry. The man seems to be enjoying himself and appears to be in good spirits. Overall, the video gives the impression of a friendly and welcoming atmosphere."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a man handing out money to people in a crowd. Then, another man approaches the first man and asks for some money. The first man refuses and the second man becomes angry. The video ends with the second man threatening the first man."

Timeline:

* 0:00 - 0:05: A man hands out money to people in a crowd.
* 0:05 - 0:10: Another man approaches the first man and asks for some money.
* 0:10 - 0:15: The first man refuses and the second man becomes angry.
"* 0:15 - 0:20: The second man threatens the first man."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of people gathered in a marketplace or street scene. Some of them are buying and selling items, while others are socializing and interacting with each other. One man is seen handing out money to another man, who appears to be selling something. The overall atmosphere is lively and bustling, with people moving around and engaging in various activities. There is a sense of community and interaction among the group."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people standing in a crowded area, possibly a market or a street. One man is handing out money to another man, who is holding a bag. The people around them appear to be watching the interaction with interest. The scene is set in a city, possibly in Europe, and the time of day is not clear. The overall mood is friendly and casual."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" In the video, a man is handing out money to people in a crowd. Some people are smiling and thanking him, while others are looking confused or surprised. The man seems to be enjoying himself and appears to be in a good mood. There is no indication of any harm or danger to the people in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people standing in a line, with one person handing out money to others. The people in the line appear to be homeless or begging for money. The person handing out the money seems to be distributing it evenly among the group. There is no indication of any harm or danger being present. The overall tone of the video is positive and respectful."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A man is handing out money to other people in a crowd."
2. The man is surrounded by a group of people, some of whom are holding bags or packages.
3. The man is smiling and appears to be enjoying himself as he hands out the money.
4. One of the people in the crowd takes the money and puts it in their pocket.
5. Another person in the crowd looks surprised and grateful as they receive the money.
6. The man continues to hand out money to the people in the crowd.
"7. The video ends with the man smiling and waving goodbye to the crowd."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" 1. A man is standing in front of a group of people in a crowded marketplace."
2. The man reaches into his pocket and pulls out some money.
3. He hands the money to another man, who appears to be selling something.
4. The man who received the money counts it and hands a bag to the first man.
5. The first man puts the bag into his own bag and walks away from the crowd.

"Therefore, the exact time range for each event or action cannot be determined without additional context."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a group of people standing in a line at a marketplace. One man is handing out money to another man, who is then giving the money to someone else. The people in the line appear to be buying or selling items. The video does not provide any context or background information, so it is unclear what is happening or why."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A man is handing out money to people in a crowd."
2. Another man is receiving money from the first man.
3. The second man is counting the money he has received.
4. The first man is smiling and laughing as he hands out money.
5. The crowd is gathered around the first man, some people are talking to him while others are watching.
6. The first man is wearing a black coat and a hat.
7. The second man is wearing a brown coat and a scarf.
8. The scene takes place in a busy city street.
9. The video is shot in black and white.
"10. The audio is a mix of background noise and the sound of people talking."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A man is handing out money to people on the street."
2. Another man approaches the first man and asks for money.
3. The first man refuses to give the second man any money.
4. The second man becomes angry and starts arguing with the first man.
5. The crowd gathers around them and begins to intervene.
6. The police arrive and break up the fight.
7. The first man walks away, leaving the second man behind.
"8. The video ends with the second man looking disappointed."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a young man practicing his lacrosse skills on a field. He is wearing sunglasses and a gray shirt. The video also shows him throwing the ball and catching it with his stick. The background is a green field with trees in the distance. The video is filmed in slow motion, giving it a cinematic feel. The young man is a skilled player, and his movements are smooth and precise. Overall, the video is a great example of how to practice lacrosse and improve your skills."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video begins with a young man standing on a sports field holding a lacrosse stick. He then begins to throw the ball towards a goal, but misses. He continues to practice his shots, occasionally stopping to adjust his stance or grip on the stick. The video ends with the young man successfully scoring a goal."

The following is a more detailed breakdown of the events in the video:

0:00 - The video begins with a close-up shot of a young man standing on a sports field holding a lacrosse stick.

0:03 - The young man begins to throw the ball towards a goal, but misses.

0:06 - The young man continues to practice his shots, occasionally stopping to adjust his stance or grip on the stick.

0:11 - The young man successfully scores a goal.

0:14 - The video ends with a shot of the young man celebrating his goal.

"Overall, the video showcases the young man's determination and persistence in practicing his lacrosse skills, ultimately leading to a successful goal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a young man playing lacrosse on an outdoor field. He is wearing sunglasses and holding a lacrosse stick. The background is a green grassy area with a few trees in the distance. The man is practicing his shots and making contact with the ball. He is also wearing a gray shirt and black shorts. The video is filmed in a clear, bright day with a blue sky in the background. The man is focused on his game and appears to be enjoying himself."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a young man playing lacrosse on an outdoor field. He is wearing a gray shirt and black shorts, and he is holding a lacrosse stick in his hand. The video begins with the man standing in front of the goal, looking at the camera. He then begins to run towards the goal, dribbling the ball with his stick. As he approaches the goal, he takes a shot and scores a goal. The video ends with the man celebrating his goal and looking at the camera with a smile on his face. The video is set in a sunny outdoor environment, with trees and a blue sky visible in the background. The video is shot in a clear and well-lit manner, with good camera angles and steady framing. The video is also free of any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a young man playing lacrosse on a sports field. He is wearing a gray shirt and black shorts. He is holding a lacrosse stick in his left hand and is standing in front of a goal. The video shows him taking a shot at the goal, but it is unclear whether he scores or not. The video also shows him running around the field and practicing his shots. Overall, the video appears to be a promotional video for lacrosse."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person playing lacrosse on a field. The person is holding a lacrosse stick and wearing a gray shirt. The video also shows the person running and jumping to catch the ball. The person is practicing their lacrosse skills and appears to be enjoying the game. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a young man playing lacrosse on a field. He is wearing a gray shirt and black shorts. The man is holding a lacrosse stick and is standing in front of a goal. He takes a few steps back and then throws the ball towards the goal. The ball goes through the goal and the man celebrates by jumping up and down. The video ends with the man walking away from the camera.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a young man playing lacrosse on a field. He is wearing a gray shirt and black shorts. He is holding a lacrosse stick in his left hand and is running towards the goal. The ball is in the air, and the man is trying to catch it with his stick. He successfully catches the ball and scores a goal. The video ends with the man celebrating his goal."

The exact time range for each event or action in the video is not provided, but it can be assumed that the entire video lasts for approximately 30 seconds.

Therefore, the sequence of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:

1. The young man is running towards the goal with a lacrosse stick in his left hand.
2. The ball is in the air.
3. The young man successfully catches the ball with his stick.
4. The young man scores a goal.
5. The young man celebrates his goal.

"There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a young man playing lacrosse on a field. He is wearing sunglasses and holding a lacrosse stick. He is practicing his shots and making accurate throws. The video also shows him running and jumping to catch the ball. Overall, the video highlights the skill and athleticism required to play lacrosse."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The speaker introduces himself and explains that he is going to demonstrate a lacrosse drill."
2. He sets up the camera and explains that the drill is designed to improve a player's ability to shoot the ball from different angles.
3. The speaker demonstrates the first angle, which is a low shot. He explains that the key to this shot is to keep the head down and the body low.
4. He demonstrates the second angle, which is a high shot. He explains that the key to this shot is to keep the head up and the body high.
5. He demonstrates the third angle, which is a mid-range shot. He explains that the key to this shot is to keep the body balanced and the head up.
6. He summarizes the drill and encourages viewers to try it out.
"7. The speaker thanks the viewer for watching and signs off."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The speaker introduces himself and explains that he will be demonstrating a lacrosse drill."
2. He sets up the camera and explains that the drill involves catching and throwing the ball with one hand while moving around the field.
3. The speaker demonstrates the drill, starting with a stationary position and gradually adding movement.
4. He emphasizes the importance of keeping the head up and the eyes focused on the ball.
5. The speaker encourages viewers to practice the drill regularly to improve their lacrosse skills.
"6. He concludes the video by thanking viewers for watching and encouraging them to share the video with others."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a young woman wearing glasses and smiling while sitting on a couch. She is holding a phone in her hand and appears to be talking to someone on the phone. The video also shows a close-up of her face and a blurred background. The woman seems happy and engaged in her conversation. The video is shot in a home setting and has a positive and friendly tone.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video does not have a clear timeline of events or actions. However, it shows a woman smiling and laughing while sitting on a couch. The video also includes some blurry footage and a few close-ups of the woman's face. Overall, the video appears to be a casual and enjoyable moment captured on camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of people, possibly friends or family, engaging in various activities together. They are seen laughing, smiling, and having a good time. Some of them are sitting on a couch, while others are standing around. The video captures moments of joy and happiness, highlighting the importance of social connections and shared experiences. Overall, the video conveys a positive and uplifting message."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a woman smiling and laughing while sitting on a couch. The background is blurry, suggesting that the video was taken from a distance or with a low-quality camera. The woman's facial expressions and body language convey happiness and enjoyment. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a woman wearing glasses and a black shirt. She is sitting on a couch and appears to be laughing or smiling. She is also holding a phone in her hand and seems to be engaged in a conversation. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a woman laughing and smiling while sitting on a couch. She is wearing glasses and has long black hair. The video also includes close-up shots of her face and hands. The repeated events or actions in the video are the woman laughing and smiling.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A woman is sitting on a couch, smiling and looking at the camera."
2. She puts on glasses.
3. She starts to laugh and covers her mouth with her hand.
4. She continues to laugh and looks around the room.
5. She gets up from the couch and walks away from the camera.

"The video shows a woman laughing and covering her mouth while wearing glasses. She then gets up and walks away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video does not provide clear and distinct events or actions with specific time stamps. However, it shows a woman laughing and smiling while lying on a couch. The video also includes a close-up shot of her face, highlighting her expressions. Overall, the video appears to be a casual and enjoyable moment captured on camera."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a woman wearing glasses and a black shirt. She is sitting on a couch and laughing. The camera then shows a close-up of her face as she continues to laugh. The video ends with the woman smiling and looking directly at the camera."

"Therefore, the most important events or actions in the video are the woman laughing and smiling at the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A woman is seen sitting on a couch, smiling and laughing."
2. The woman puts on glasses.
3. The woman looks into the camera and speaks.
4. The woman stands up and walks away from the camera.
5. The video ends.

"The video shows a woman sitting on a couch, smiling and laughing, putting on glasses, speaking to the camera, and then walking away. The video is concise and free of redundant details."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A woman is sitting on a couch, smiling and looking at the camera."
2. She puts on glasses.
3. She starts to laugh and covers her mouth with her hand.
4. She continues to laugh and looks away from the camera.
5. She puts her hand on her chest and leans back on the couch.
6. She looks back at the camera and smiles.
7. The video ends.

"The woman's actions in the video suggest she is enjoying herself and having a good time. The use of glasses adds a playful and quirky element to the scene. Overall, the video is lighthearted and fun, conveying a positive and upbeat mood."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a group of people, including a woman and two men, dancing and exercising in a gym. They are performing various dance moves and stretches, and the woman is leading the group. The video is set to upbeat music and the participants appear to be having fun."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people, including a woman and several men, engaging in a dance routine in a gym. They are all wearing bright and colorful clothing, and they appear to be enjoying themselves as they dance together. The camera pans around the room, showing various angles of the group as they perform their moves. There is no clear timeline or sequence of events presented in the video, but it appears that the group has been practicing their dance routine for some time and are now performing it with confidence and enthusiasm."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of people, including men and women, engaging in a dance routine in a gym or fitness studio. They are wearing colorful clothing and appear to be enjoying themselves as they dance together. The video also shows the group performing various dance moves and exercises, suggesting that they may be participating in a fitness class or workout session. Overall, the video conveys a positive and energetic atmosphere."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people, including a woman and several men, dancing and exercising in a gym. They are performing various dance moves and exercises, including jumping jacks and squats. The group appears to be having fun and enjoying themselves while working out together. The video is set to upbeat music and has a positive and energetic atmosphere."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people, including a woman and several men, engaging in a dance routine in a gym or fitness studio. They are wearing bright and colorful clothing, and they appear to be enjoying themselves as they dance and move in sync with each other. The music playing in the background is upbeat and energetic, and the overall atmosphere is positive and fun. The group seems to be having a good time as they dance together, and they appear to be in good spirits. There is no evidence of any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people, including a man and two women, dancing and exercising in a gym. They are performing various dance moves and exercises, such as jumping jacks, squats, and lunges. The group appears to be having fun and enjoying their workout. There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people, including a man and two women, dancing and exercising in a gym or fitness studio. They are wearing bright and colorful clothing, and they appear to be enjoying themselves as they move and dance together. The camera pans across the room, showing various pieces of gym equipment and other objects in the background. The music playing in the background is upbeat and energetic, and the overall atmosphere is positive and lively."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a group of people, including a man and two women, dancing and exercising in a gym. They are performing various dance moves and exercises, such as jumping jacks, squats, and lunges. The group appears to be having fun and enjoying their workout. There is no indication of any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a group of people, including a man and two women, dancing and exercising in a gym. They are performing various dance moves and stretches, and the man is leading the group. The video is set to upbeat music, and the participants appear to be enjoying themselves. The camera pans around the room, showing different angles of the group as they dance. Overall, the video conveys a positive and energetic atmosphere."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The video starts with a group of people, including a man and a woman, dancing in a gym."
2. The group is performing a choreographed dance routine.
3. The camera focuses on the woman, who is wearing a yellow shirt and white shorts, as she leads the group in the dance.
4. The group then splits into smaller groups, each performing the dance routine in their own way.
"5. The video ends with the group coming back together and finishing the dance routine."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The video begins with a group of people, including a man and two women, dancing in a gym."
2. The group is performing a choreographed dance routine.
3. The camera focuses on each person in the group as they dance.
4. The group finishes the routine and applauds each other.
"5. The video ends with the group smiling and laughing."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a rodeo event with cowboys riding bulls and roping cattle. The crowd is cheering and clapping as the cowboys perform. The video also shows a cowboy being thrown off a bull and getting up to ride again. The event appears to be taking place in an arena with a large crowd in attendance.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a cowboy riding a horse in a rodeo arena. The cowboy dismounts from the horse and ties it to a post. Then, another cowboy enters the arena on a horse and starts roping a calf. The first cowboy helps the second cowboy by holding the calf's hind legs while the second cowboy ropes its front legs. After the calf is roped, the cowboys exchange places, and the first cowboy mounts the calf and rides it around the arena. The video ends with the cowboys dismounting from the calf and walking away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a rodeo event with cowboys and horses participating in various competitions, including bull riding and calf roping. The audience is cheering and clapping as the cowboys perform their stunts. The video also shows a scoreboard displaying the results of the competitions."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a rodeo event with cowboys riding horses and participating in various competitions, such as bull riding and calf roping. The audience is cheering and clapping as the cowboys perform their stunts. The event takes place in an indoor arena with a large crowd in attendance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a rodeo event where cowboys are riding bulls and trying to stay on them for as long as possible. The crowd is cheering and clapping as the cowboys perform. One cowboy falls off the bull, but another one manages to stay on for the full eight seconds, earning a score. The event continues with more cowboys riding bulls."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a rodeo event with cowboys riding horses and performing various tasks such as roping and wrestling calves. The audience is cheering and clapping throughout the event.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a rodeo event with cowboys and horses participating in various competitions. The cowboys are seen riding horses and performing stunts, while the audience cheers them on. The video also shows the scoring of each event and the announcement of the winners."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" 1. The rodeo event begins with a cowboy riding a horse and roping a calf."
2. The cowboy dismounts from the horse and ties the calf's legs together.
3. The cowboy then gets back on the horse and rides away.
4. The next event is a bull riding competition, with a cowboy riding a bull and trying to stay on for eight seconds.
5. The cowboy falls off the bull, but gets up and walks away.
6. The final event is a barrel racing competition, with a cowgirl riding a horse and trying to complete a course of barrels in the shortest time possible.
7. The cowgirl successfully completes the course and wins the competition.

"The entire rodeo event lasts approximately two minutes."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a rodeo event where cowboys are riding bulls and trying to stay on them for as long as possible. The audience is cheering and clapping for the riders. The cowboys are wearing cowboy hats and boots, and they are wearing protective gear such as helmets and vests. The bulls are also wearing protective gear, such as ropes and straps. The event takes place in an arena with a large crowd watching. The cowboys are competing against each other, and the one who stays on the bull for the longest time wins the event. The video also shows the scores being displayed on a large screen for the audience to see."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A cowboy rides a horse into the arena."
2. The cowboy dismounts from the horse and approaches a bull.
3. The bull charges towards the cowboy, who attempts to rope it.
4. The bull bucks and tosses the cowboy off his feet.
5. The cowboy recovers and remounts his horse.
6. The bull charges towards the cowboy again, but this time the cowboy successfully ropes it.
7. The cowboy dismounts from the horse and approaches the bull, who is still roped.
8. The cowboy attempts to ride the bull, but it bucks and tosses him off.
"9. The cowboy remounts the bull and successfully rides it for eight seconds, earning a score of 84 points."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A cowboy rides a horse into the arena."
2. The cowboy dismounts from the horse and approaches a bull.
3. The bull charges towards the cowboy, who uses a rope to try and control the bull.
4. The cowboy struggles to keep the bull under control, and at one point, the bull knocks him to the ground.
5. The cowboy gets back up and continues to try and control the bull.
6. The bull eventually tires and the cowboy is able to dismount and leave the arena.
"7. The crowd cheers and applauds the cowboy's performance."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a group of people dressed in yellow performing a dance routine on a crosswalk during a festival. The video is shot from a distance and shows a large crowd of people watching the performance. The video is filmed in a bright and sunny day. The video has a summer feel and the music in the background is upbeat and lively. The video is shot in a respectful and unbiased manner. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people dressed in yellow suits performing a dance routine on a crosswalk during a festival. The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:"

0:00 - The video starts with a wide shot of a street scene.

0:03 - The camera focuses on a group of people dressed in yellow suits performing a dance routine on a crosswalk.

0:06 - The camera pans to show the crowd watching the performance.

0:09 - The camera zooms in to capture a closer look at the dancers.

0:12 - The dancers finish their performance and the crowd applauds.

0:15 - The camera pans to show the crowd dispersing and the street scene returning to normal.

"0:18 - The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,This footage shows a group of people dressed in yellow costumes performing a dance routine on a crosswalk during a festival in Japan. The group is surrounded by a large crowd of onlookers. The video is filmed from a distance and provides a clear view of the performers and the audience. The atmosphere is lively and festive. The video is shot in a horizontal format and has a resolution of 1920x1080.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people dressed in yellow suits performing a dance routine on a crosswalk during a festival. The scene takes place in a bustling city street with a large crowd of onlookers watching from the sidelines. The video is filmed in a summer day with a clear blue sky and sunny weather. The camera angle is from a distance, providing a wide view of the action. The video is set to upbeat music and has a lively, energetic atmosphere."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people dressed in yellow costumes performing a dance routine on a crosswalk during a festival. The group is surrounded by a crowd of people watching the performance. The video is shot from a distance and has a clear, bright quality. There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people dressed in yellow suits performing a dance routine on a crosswalk during a festival or event. The people are dancing in sync and moving in a choreographed manner. It is not clear what the specific event or festival is, but it appears to be a repeated or annual occurrence."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a group of people dressed in yellow costumes performing a dance routine on a crosswalk during a festival. The crowd is watching them and cheering. The sequence shows different angles and perspectives of the performance.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a group of people dressed in yellow performing a dance routine on a crosswalk during a festival. The sequence includes several shots of the dancers in motion, as well as a wide shot of the crowd watching the performance. The video also features a close-up of the dancers' faces and costumes. The exact time range of each event or action is not provided in the video."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" This video shows a group of people dressed in yellow performing a dance routine on a crosswalk during a festival. The video is shot from a distance and provides a clear view of the performers and the crowd watching them. The video is also visually interesting due to the bright colors of the performers' costumes and the dynamic nature of their dance moves. Overall, the video is an engaging and enjoyable representation of a cultural event."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. Opening shot of a group of people in yellow costumes performing a dance routine on a crosswalk."
2. Close-up of the dancers' faces, showing their expressions and enthusiasm.
3. Wide shot of the crowd watching the performance, with people taking photos and videos.
4. Shot of the dancers interacting with the audience, waving and blowing kisses.
5. Close-up of the dancers' feet as they perform complex footwork.
6. Wide shot of the dancers performing in sync, with the camera panning to follow them.
7. Shot of the dancers interacting with each other, showing their energy and teamwork.
8. Close-up of the dancers' faces as they smile and laugh, enjoying their performance.
9. Wide shot of the crowd cheering and applauding the dancers, with confetti flying through the air.
"10. Closing shot of the dancers waving goodbye to the audience as the camera zooms out."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. May 2023: A group of performers dressed in yellow costumes dance and perform choreographed moves on a crosswalk during a festival in Tokyo, Japan."
2. May 2023: The performers dance and interact with the crowd, entertaining onlookers.
3. May 2023: The performers wave and engage with the audience, creating a lively and joyful atmosphere.
4. May 2023: The performers finish their routine and exit the area, leaving the crowd cheering and applauding.
5. May 2023: The crowd disperses, and the crosswalk returns to normal.

"This is a list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a man standing in front of a weightlifting barbell and explaining how to perform a clean and jerk lift. He demonstrates the proper technique for lifting the barbell from the ground to the shoulders, then to the chest, and finally to the overhead position. The man also explains the importance of keeping the barbell close to the body during the lift and maintaining proper form to prevent injury."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a man standing in front of a barbell in a gym. He then proceeds to lift the barbell off the ground and place it back down. The man then explains that he is using a barbell with a 2.5 kilogram weight on each side, and he is performing a deadlift exercise. He then demonstrates the proper form for performing the exercise, including keeping his back straight and his core engaged. The man then performs the exercise again, this time with a heavier weight on the barbell. He finishes the exercise by standing up straight and returning the barbell to its starting position. The video ends with the man thanking the viewer for watching and encouraging them to try the exercise themselves."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a man standing in a gym and demonstrating how to perform a barbell deadlift exercise. He explains that the barbell should be loaded with weight, and he demonstrates the proper form for performing the exercise. The man then performs the exercise, lifting the barbell off the floor and standing up with the weight. He encourages viewers to try the exercise themselves and provides tips for improving form and technique. The video also shows the man adjusting the weight on the barbell and performing the exercise with different weights. Overall, the video provides a clear and concise demonstration of how to perform a barbell deadlift exercise."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a man standing in front of a weightlifting barbell in a gym. He is wearing a white shirt and black pants. The man is demonstrating how to perform a deadlift exercise, starting with a squat position and then lifting the barbell off the ground using his legs and back muscles. He then returns the barbell to the starting position and repeats the exercise several times. The man explains that the deadlift is a compound exercise that targets the muscles in the back, legs, and core. He also mentions that the exercise can be performed with different variations, such as sumo deadlifts or Romanian deadlifts. The video is filmed in a well-lit gym with black and white flooring. The background music is upbeat and energetic, adding to the overall atmosphere of the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a man standing in front of a barbell in a gym. He then proceeds to lift the barbell off the ground and place it back down. The man then adjusts the weight on the barbell and performs a squat exercise. He then stands up and adjusts the weight again before performing another squat exercise. The man repeats this process several times, each time adjusting the weight on the barbell. The video ends with the man standing in front of the barbell, looking satisfied with his workout."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a man standing in front of a barbell and demonstrating how to perform a deadlift exercise. He explains that the barbell should be loaded with weight and that the person performing the exercise should bend their knees and hips, keep their back straight, and lift the barbell off the ground using their legs and hips. The man then performs the exercise, demonstrating proper form and technique. He repeats the exercise several times, emphasizing the importance of maintaining proper form and technique to prevent injury."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a man standing in front of a barbell in a gym. He then picks up the barbell and places it on the floor. The man then bends down and picks up a weight plate, which he places on the barbell. He then stands up and lifts the barbell with the weight plate, demonstrating his strength and fitness. The man then puts the barbell back on the floor and walks away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video starts with a man standing in front of a barbell in a gym. He then proceeds to lift the barbell off the floor and perform a squat movement. The man then puts the barbell back on the floor and stands up straight. He then repeats the process, this time with a heavier weight on the barbell. The man continues to lift the barbell and perform squats, increasing the weight each time. The video ends with the man standing up straight and looking satisfied with his workout."

Therefore, the exact time range for each event or action in the video is as follows:

0:00 - 0:03: The man stands in front of a barbell in a gym.
0:03 - 0:06: The man lifts the barbell off the floor and performs a squat movement.
0:06 - 0:09: The man puts the barbell back on the floor and stands up straight.
0:09 - 0:12: The man repeats the process, this time with a heavier weight on the barbell.
0:12 - 0:15: The man continues to lift the barbell and perform squats, increasing the weight each time.
"0:15 - 0:18: The video ends with the man standing up straight and looking satisfied with his workout."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a man standing in front of a weightlifting barbell in a gym. He is wearing a white shirt and black pants. The man then proceeds to perform a squat exercise with the barbell, bending his knees and lowering his body until his thighs are parallel to the ground. He then stands back up and repeats the exercise several times. The man then explains that the exercise is called a front squat and that it targets the quadriceps and glutes muscles. He also mentions that the exercise can be performed with a barbell or dumbbells and that it is important to keep the back straight during the exercise. The man then finishes the video by thanking the viewer for watching and encouraging them to try the exercise themselves."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The speaker introduces himself and explains that he will be demonstrating how to perform a clean and jerk exercise with a barbell."
2. He sets up the barbell on a platform and explains the starting position.
3. He performs the clean part of the exercise, lifting the barbell from the ground to his shoulders.
4. He then performs the jerk part of the exercise, pushing the barbell upwards and overhead.
5. He finishes the exercise by standing up straight with the barbell overhead.
6. He repeats the exercise for a second repetition.
"7. He concludes the video by thanking the viewer for watching and encouraging them to try the exercise themselves."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 0:00 - The speaker introduces himself and explains that he will be demonstrating how to perform a barbell deadlift."

0:10 - The speaker sets up the barbell on the floor and explains the starting position.

0:20 - The speaker demonstrates the correct grip on the barbell and explains the importance of keeping the back straight.

0:30 - The speaker performs the deadlift, starting with a slight bend in the knees and keeping the back straight throughout the movement.

0:45 - The speaker finishes the deadlift and returns the barbell to the floor.

"0:50 - The speaker summarizes the key points of the deadlift and encourages viewers to practice the exercise regularly."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a woman in a living room, wearing a pink shirt and pink leggings, holding a hula hoop and dancing with it. She is smiling and having fun. The video also shows a couch and a coffee table in the background. The woman is practicing her hula hoop skills and encouraging others to join her. She mentions that hula hooping is a great way to get in shape and improve coordination. The video is upbeat and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The woman is holding a hula hoop and dancing with it in a living room. She is wearing a pink shirt and black leggings. She is smiling and appears to be enjoying herself. The video starts with the woman standing in the middle of the room, holding the hula hoop in front of her. She then begins to twirl the hoop around her waist, creating a circular motion. She continues to dance with the hoop, moving it around her body in various ways. The video ends with the woman still dancing with the hoop, looking happy and content."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

* The woman stands in the middle of the living room, holding a hula hoop in front of her.
* She begins to twirl the hoop around her waist, creating a circular motion.
* She continues to dance with the hoop, moving it around her body in various ways.
"* The video ends with the woman still dancing with the hoop, looking happy and content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a woman in a living room, wearing a pink shirt and holding a hula hoop. She is dancing and twirling the hoop around her body, with a sense of joy and excitement. The room is decorated with furniture, including a couch and a coffee table, and there are also some plants in the background. The woman appears to be enjoying herself and is smiling as she dances. Overall, the video has a positive and upbeat atmosphere."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a woman in a living room, wearing a pink shirt and pink leggings, holding a hula hoop and dancing with it. She is smiling and appears to be enjoying herself. The background is white, and there are some furniture pieces visible in the room, including a couch and a coffee table. The woman is moving the hula hoop around her body in a playful and energetic manner. The video is bright and colorful, with good lighting and a pleasant atmosphere. The woman seems to be in good physical condition and is able to move the hoop with ease. Overall, the video conveys a sense of fun and positivity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a woman in a living room, wearing a pink shirt and holding a hula hoop. She is standing in front of a couch and a coffee table, and she is twirling the hoop around her waist and hips. She is smiling and appears to be enjoying herself. The video also shows a white cat sitting on the couch in the background. The woman is not speaking, but she is making some sounds as she twirls the hoop. The video ends with the woman continuing to twirl the hoop and smile at the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The woman is exercising with a hula hoop in a living room. She is spinning the hoop around her waist and hips, and occasionally stopping to adjust her position or catch her breath. She is wearing a pink shirt and black leggings, and there is a couch and some other furniture in the background. The video lasts for about 30 seconds."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A woman is standing in a living room with a hula hoop in her hand."
2. She begins to twirl the hoop around her waist and hips.
3. She then moves the hoop up and over her head, creating a circular motion.
4. She continues to twirl the hoop, increasing the speed and size of the circles.
5. She then slows down and stops, smiling at the camera.
6. She puts the hoop down and walks away from the camera.

"The woman is practicing hula hooping in her living room. She is wearing a pink shirt and black leggings, and she has long brown hair. She is standing in front of a white couch and a large window, which lets in natural light. The room is decorated with colorful pillows and blankets, and there are several books and magazines on a coffee table in the background. The woman is smiling and seems to be enjoying herself as she twirls the hoop around her body. She moves the hoop in a circular motion, creating large, colorful circles in the air. She then slows down and stops, putting the hoop down and walking away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a woman in a living room, wearing a pink shirt and pink leggings, holding a hula hoop and dancing with it. She is smiling and appears to be enjoying herself. The woman is then shown standing in front of a couch, with the hula hoop still in her hands. She is then shown doing some stretching exercises with the hula hoop, bending and twisting her body in various ways. The video ends with the woman putting the hula hoop down and smiling at the camera."

Therefore, the video can be described as follows:

0:00 - 0:05: The woman enters the living room and starts dancing with a hula hoop.

0:06 - 0:10: The woman stands in front of a couch and continues dancing with the hula hoop.

0:11 - 0:15: The woman does some stretching exercises with the hula hoop, bending and twisting her body in various ways.

0:16 - 0:18: The woman puts the hula hoop down and smiles at the camera.

"The video is approximately 18 seconds long."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a woman in a living room, wearing a pink shirt and gray leggings, holding a hula hoop and dancing with it. She is smiling and appears to be enjoying herself. The woman is also wearing a pink headband and has her hair pulled back into a ponytail. The background of the room is white, and there are several pieces of furniture visible, including a couch and a coffee table. The woman is moving the hula hoop around her body in a circular motion, and it appears to be spinning freely. The video ends with the woman continuing to dance with the hula hoop."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A woman is standing in a living room holding a hula hoop."
2. She begins to twirl the hoop around her waist.
3. She then moves the hoop up and down, creating a figure-eight motion.
4. She continues to twirl the hoop, increasing its speed and size.
5. She then transitions into a different exercise, holding the hoop horizontally and moving it back and forth in front of her body.
6. She finishes the exercise and puts the hoop down.
"7. She is then seen standing in the same spot, smiling at the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 0:03 - The woman is introduced and mentioned that she is a hula hoop lover."
0:06 - The woman is seen standing in a living room, holding a hula hoop.
0:09 - The woman begins to twirl the hula hoop around her waist.
0:12 - The woman is seen from a different angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
0:15 - The woman is seen from a close-up angle, continuing to twirl the hula hoop.
0:18 - The woman is seen from a side angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
0:21 - The woman is seen from a different angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
0:24 - The woman is seen from a close-up angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
0:27 - The woman is seen from a different angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
0:30 - The woman is seen from a close-up angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
0:33 - The woman is seen from a different angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
0:36 - The woman is seen from a close-up angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
0:39 - The woman is seen from a different angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
0:42 - The woman is seen from a close-up angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
0:45 - The woman is seen from a different angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
0:48 - The woman is seen from a close-up angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
0:51 - The woman is seen from a different angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
0:54 - The woman is seen from a close-up angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
0:57 - The woman is seen from a different angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:00 - The woman is seen from a close-up angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:03 - The woman is seen from a different angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:06 - The woman is seen from a close-up angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:09 - The woman is seen from a different angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:12 - The woman is seen from a close-up angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:15 - The woman is seen from a different angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:18 - The woman is seen from a close-up angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:21 - The woman is seen from a different angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:24 - The woman is seen from a close-up angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:27 - The woman is seen from a different angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:30 - The woman is seen from a close-up angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:33 - The woman is seen from a different angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:36 - The woman is seen from a close-up angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:39 - The woman is seen from a different angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:42 - The woman is seen from a close-up angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:45 - The woman is seen from a different angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:48 - The woman is seen from a close-up angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:51 - The woman is seen from a different angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:54 - The woman is seen from a close-up angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
1:57 - The woman is seen from a different angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
2:00 - The woman is seen from a close-up angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
2:03 - The woman is seen from a different angle, still twirling the hula hoop.
"2:06 - The woman is"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows two people paddling a red canoe on a lake at sunset. They appear to be enjoying themselves and smiling at each other. The camera pans around to show the surrounding scenery, including trees and a bridge. The video ends with a close-up of the canoe as it moves through the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows two people paddling a red canoe on a body of water at sunset. They appear to be enjoying themselves and smiling at each other. The camera pans to the left, revealing a group of people standing on the shore and watching them. The video ends with a shot of the sun setting over the water."

Timeline:

* 0:00 - 0:03: Two people paddle a red canoe on a body of water.
* 0:03 - 0:05: The camera pans to the left, revealing a group of people standing on the shore and watching them.
* 0:05 - 0:08: The sun sets over the water.
"* 0:08 - 0:10: The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" In the video, we see a group of people kayaking on a lake at sunset. They are paddling in red and yellow kayaks, enjoying the peaceful water and the beautiful scenery around them. The group appears to be having a great time together, laughing and joking as they navigate the lake. The sun is setting behind them, casting a warm glow over the scene. Overall, it looks like a fun and relaxing evening out on the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows two people paddling a red kayak on a lake at sunset. They appear to be enjoying their time on the water and smiling at each other. The scene is peaceful and serene, with the sun setting in the background. The video lasts for approximately 10 seconds."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows two people paddling a red kayak on a body of water at sunset. They appear to be enjoying themselves and smiling at each other. The camera pans to show the surrounding area, which includes trees and a clear sky. The video ends with a close-up shot of the kayak as it moves away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows two people paddling a red kayak on a body of water at sunset. They are smiling and enjoying their time on the water. The camera follows them as they paddle and explore the area. The video also shows the reflection of the sun on the water and the surrounding trees. The people in the video are having a fun and relaxing experience.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. Two men are seen paddling a red canoe in a body of water."
2. They are smiling and enjoying their time on the water.
3. The sun is setting in the background, casting a warm glow over the scene.
4. The men continue to paddle, with one man in the front and the other in the back.
5. They appear to be in a peaceful and serene environment, with no other boats or people in sight.
6. The camera pans out to show the surrounding area, which includes trees and a clear sky.
7. The men continue to paddle, with the sun setting behind them.
"8. The video ends with a shot of the canoe gliding smoothly through the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows two people paddling in a red kayak on a body of water at sunset. They are smiling and enjoying the moment. The camera pans to show the surrounding scenery, including trees and a bridge in the background. The video ends with a close-up shot of the kayakers."

1. The video begins with a shot of two people paddling in a red kayak on a body of water.
2. They are smiling and enjoying the moment.
3. The camera pans to show the surrounding scenery, including trees and a bridge in the background.
4. The video ends with a close-up shot of the kayakers.

"Time range: The exact time range of each event or action in the video is not provided. However, based on the context, it can be assumed that the video lasts for approximately 30 seconds."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" In the video, two people are seen paddling in a red kayak on a body of water at sunset. They appear to be enjoying their time on the water and are smiling at each other. The camera pans to show the surrounding scenery, including trees and a clear sky. The video ends with a close-up shot of the kayak as it moves through the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. Two people are seen paddling in a red kayak on a body of water."
2. The sun is setting in the background.
3. The kayakers are smiling and enjoying their time on the water.
4. They paddle towards the shore.
5. The camera zooms out to show the surrounding area, including trees and a dock.
6. The kayakers exit the kayak and walk away from the camera.

"Note: The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. Two men are seen paddling a red kayak in a body of water."
2. They are smiling and enjoying their time on the water.
3. The sun is setting in the background, casting a warm glow over the scene.
4. The men continue to paddle, with one man in the front and the other in the back.
5. They reach the shore and step out of the kayak.
6. The camera pans out to show the beautiful sunset over the water.
7. The men wave goodbye and walk away from the camera.

"Note: The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a woman in a green tank top and shorts standing in a grassy field. She is holding a hula hoop and demonstrating how to use it for exercise. She explains that the hoop should be held at waist level and swung around the body in a circular motion. She also suggests using different moves to make the exercise more challenging. The woman encourages viewers to try the exercise and offers tips for getting started. She emphasizes that the hoop can be used for cardio, core work, and flexibility training. The video is part of a series called """"hula hoop fitness"""" and is intended to help viewers improve their overall fitness and coordination."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a woman standing in a field holding a hula hoop. She then begins to twirl the hoop around her waist and hips. The video continues with the woman demonstrating various tricks and moves with the hoop, including making it spin faster and slower, and even balancing it on her head. Throughout the video, the woman maintains a positive and enthusiastic attitude, encouraging viewers to try hula hooping themselves. The video ends with the woman thanking the viewer for watching and encouraging them to subscribe to her channel for more content."

Timeline:
0:00 - Introduction of the woman and the hula hoop
0:10 - Woman begins twirling the hoop around her waist and hips
0:20 - Woman demonstrates various tricks and moves with the hoop
1:00 - Woman balances the hoop on her head
1:30 - Woman encourages viewers to try hula hooping and thanks them for watching
"1:45 - End of video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a woman standing in a grassy field, holding a hula hoop in her hands. She is wearing a green tank top and appears to be practicing with the hoop. The background is a green field with trees in the distance. The woman is smiling and seems to be enjoying herself as she spins the hoop around her waist. She then demonstrates some tricks with the hoop, including making it spin faster and slower. The video is set to upbeat music and has a positive and playful tone. Overall, the video showcases the woman's skill and enthusiasm for hula hooping in a beautiful outdoor setting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,The video shows a woman standing in a grassy field and holding a hula hoop. She is wearing a green tank top and appears to be practicing with the hoop. The background is a green field with trees in the distance. The woman is smiling and seems to be enjoying herself as she twirls the hoop around her waist. The video is set to upbeat music and has a positive and playful tone.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a woman standing in a grassy field and holding a hula hoop. She is wearing a green tank top and appears to be practicing with the hoop. The woman then begins to spin the hoop around her waist and hips, demonstrating various tricks and techniques. She also encourages viewers to try the same moves and offers tips for improving their skills. Throughout the video, the woman maintains a positive and enthusiastic attitude, making it clear that she enjoys hula hooping and finds it to be a fun and rewarding activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a woman standing in a grassy field and holding a hula hoop. She is wearing a green shirt and appears to be practicing with the hoop. She is spinning the hoop around her waist and hips, and occasionally bending her knees and bending forward to keep the hoop going. She also mentions that she is using a lighter weight hoop and that she is trying to keep the hoop going for as long as possible. The video repeats this sequence several times."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The woman is standing in a grassy field holding a hula hoop."
2. She is wearing a green tank top and shorts.
3. She is smiling and looking directly at the camera.
4. She begins to spin the hula hoop around her waist.
5. She continues to spin the hoop for several seconds.
6. She then stops spinning the hoop and holds it out in front of her.
7. She looks directly at the camera and speaks to the viewer.
8. She explains that she is going to show some tricks with the hula hoop.
9. She demonstrates a few simple tricks, such as making the hoop spin around her arms and legs.
10. She encourages viewers to try the tricks themselves.
11. She then begins to demonstrate more advanced tricks, such as making the hoop spin around her waist while she jumps and twirls.
12. She continues to demonstrate various tricks and encourages viewers to practice and experiment with different moves.
"13. The video ends with the woman smiling and looking directly at the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video begins with a woman standing in a grassy field holding a hula hoop. She then starts spinning the hoop around her waist and hips. The camera angle changes to show the hoop from different angles as she continues spinning it. The woman then stops spinning the hoop and holds it up in front of her, looking directly at the camera. She then starts spinning the hoop again, this time in a faster and more energetic manner. The video ends with the woman smiling and looking directly at the camera while still holding the hoop."

Therefore, the exact time range for each event or action in the video is not specified, but the sequence of events can be summarized as follows:

1. Woman standing in a grassy field holding a hula hoop.
2. Woman starts spinning the hoop around her waist and hips.
3. Camera angle changes to show the hoop from different angles as she continues spinning it.
4. Woman stops spinning the hoop and holds it up in front of her, looking directly at the camera.
5. Woman starts spinning the hoop again, this time in a faster and more energetic manner.
6. Woman smiles and looks directly at the camera while still holding the hoop.

"Therefore, the video lasts for approximately 30 seconds to 1 minute, depending on the exact length of each event or action."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a woman standing in a grassy field and holding a hula hoop. She is wearing a green tank top and shorts. She is smiling and looking at the camera. She then begins to spin the hula hoop around her waist and hips. She continues to spin the hoop for several seconds, demonstrating her skill and balance. The video ends with the woman still holding the hoop and looking pleased with herself."

"Therefore, the most important events or actions in the video are the woman standing in the field and holding a hula hoop, and her spinning the hoop around her waist and hips."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The woman is standing in a grassy field holding a hula hoop."
2. She is wearing a green tank top and shorts.
3. She is smiling and looking directly at the camera.
4. She begins to spin the hula hoop around her waist.
5. She continues to spin the hoop while moving her arms and hips in a coordinated manner.
6. She stops spinning the hoop and holds it out in front of her, looking pleased with her performance.
"7. The video ends with the woman smiling and looking directly at the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 0:00 - The woman is standing in a grassy field, holding a hula hoop."
0:05 - She begins to twirl the hoop around her waist.
0:10 - She demonstrates a trick where she passes the hoop from one hand to the other while keeping it spinning.
0:15 - She explains that the trick involves using the hips to keep the hoop moving.
0:20 - She demonstrates another trick where she passes the hoop over her head and behind her back.
0:25 - She explains that this trick requires good timing and coordination.
"0:30 - She encourages viewers to try the tricks themselves and provides additional tips for improving their technique."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a wrestling match between two wrestlers, one of whom is performing a move on the other. The wrestlers are wearing wrestling gear and are in a ring with a crowd watching. The video also shows the wrestlers interacting with each other and the crowd."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with two wrestlers in the ring, one performing a move on the other. The wrestlers then engage in a physical confrontation, with one wrestler performing a series of moves on the other. The video ends with the wrestlers continuing to fight in the ring."

Here is a more detailed timeline of the events in the video:

0:00 - The video begins with two wrestlers in the ring, one performing a move on the other.

0:05 - The wrestlers engage in a physical confrontation, with one wrestler performing a series of moves on the other.

0:10 - The wrestlers continue to fight in the ring, with one wrestler performing a move that causes the other to fall to the ground.

0:15 - The wrestlers continue to fight, with one wrestler performing a move that allows him to pin the other to the ground.

"0:20 - The video ends with the wrestlers continuing to fight in the ring."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" In this video, we see a wrestling match taking place in a ring with two wrestlers engaging in a physical fight. The wrestlers are wearing wrestling attire and are performing various moves on each other. The crowd is cheering and watching the match intently. The wrestlers are shown performing moves such as body slams, pins, and kicks. The video also shows the wrestlers interacting with each other and the referee. Overall, the video captures the excitement and energy of a live wrestling event."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a wrestling match taking place in a ring with two wrestlers engaging in a physical confrontation. The wrestlers are wearing wrestling attire and are performing various moves on each other. The audience is watching the match from the sidelines. The video is filmed in a close-up perspective, allowing the viewer to see the details of the wrestlers' actions. The video is set in a gym or sports facility."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a wrestling match between two wrestlers in a ring. One wrestler is performing a move on the other, who is lying on the ground. The crowd is cheering and clapping as the match continues. The wrestlers are wearing wrestling attire, including shorts and t-shirts. The video also shows the referee counting to three as one wrestler pins the other to the ground, signaling the end of the match."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a wrestling match between two wrestlers, with one wrestler performing various moves on the other. The moves include a backdrop, a powerbomb, and a piledriver. The wrestlers are wearing wrestling attire and are in a wrestling ring. The crowd is cheering and clapping as the match progresses. The video also shows the wrestlers interacting with each other and engaging in physical combat. Overall, the video highlights the excitement and energy of a wrestling match."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a wrestling match between two wrestlers in a ring. The first wrestler performs a move on the second wrestler, who falls to the ground. The first wrestler then performs another move on the second wrestler, who gets up and retaliates with a move of his own. The match continues with both wrestlers engaging in various moves and holds. The video ends with the first wrestler pinning the second wrestler to the ground, signaling a victory."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video begins with two wrestlers in a wrestling ring. One wrestler performs a move on the other, causing the second wrestler to fall to the ground. The first wrestler then performs another move on the second wrestler, who is now on the ground. The video continues with the two wrestlers engaging in a wrestling match, with the first wrestler performing various moves on the second wrestler. The video ends with the first wrestler pinning the second wrestler to the ground, signaling the end of the match."

Therefore, the exact time range for each event or action in the video is not provided, but the sequence of events can be summarized as follows:

1. Two wrestlers in a wrestling ring
2. First wrestler performs a move on second wrestler, causing second wrestler to fall to the ground
3. First wrestler performs another move on second wrestler
4. Wrestling match between the two wrestlers
5. First wrestler pins second wrestler to the ground, signaling the end of the match.

"Additionally, the video does not provide any context or background information about the wrestlers or the wrestling event, so it is unclear who they are or what organization they are affiliated with."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a wrestling match between two wrestlers in a ring. One wrestler performs a move on the other, causing him to fall to the ground. The crowd cheers and claps as the match continues."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. Two wrestlers are in the ring, one is on top of the other."
2. The wrestler on top performs a move, but the other wrestler counters and gets back up.
3. The wrestlers continue to exchange moves and counter-moves.
4. One wrestler performs a powerbomb on the other, who lands on the mat with a thud.
5. The wrestlers get back up and continue their match.
"6. The video ends with the wrestlers still in the ring, ready to continue their match."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. Two wrestlers are in the ring, one is on top of the other."
2. The wrestler on top performs a move, causing the other wrestler to fall to the ground.
3. The wrestler on the ground gets up and tries to attack the other wrestler, but is quickly taken down again.
4. The wrestlers continue to fight, with one performing various moves on the other.
"5. The wrestlers eventually separate, and the match continues with other wrestlers entering the ring."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a group of people playing a game of soccer in an indoor sports facility. They are wearing different colored jerseys and are seen running, passing the ball, and shooting goals. The camera also shows the perspective of one of the players as they dribble the ball and make a shot. The video is set to upbeat music and the overall atmosphere is positive and energetic."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a group of people playing soccer in an indoor gym. The camera then focuses on one player as he dribbles the ball and passes it to another player. The players continue to play soccer, with some of them making shots on goal. The video ends with the players celebrating after scoring a goal."

Here is a more detailed timeline of the events in the video:

0:00 - The video starts with a group of people playing soccer in an indoor gym.

0:05 - The camera focuses on one player as he dribbles the ball and passes it to another player.

0:10 - The players continue to play soccer, with some of them making shots on goal.

0:15 - The players celebrate after scoring a goal.

"0:18 - The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of people playing soccer in an indoor sports facility. They are wearing different colored jerseys and are engaged in a lively game. The camera captures various angles of the action, including close-ups of the players and the ball in motion. The atmosphere is upbeat and energetic, with the players displaying good sportsmanship and teamwork. Overall, the video conveys a sense of enjoyment and excitement as the players compete against each other on the court."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,The video shows a group of people playing soccer in an indoor gym. The camera captures the players' movements and actions as they dribble the ball and pass it to each other. The video also shows the players' reactions and expressions as they engage in the game. The overall atmosphere is lively and energetic.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people playing soccer in an indoor gym. They are wearing different colored jerseys and are seen passing the ball and trying to score goals. The camera angle changes to show different perspectives of the game. The players are seen making quick movements and using various techniques to dribble the ball and shoot at the goal. Overall, the video captures the excitement and energy of a soccer game."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people playing soccer in an indoor gym. They are passing the ball back and forth, dribbling, and shooting at the goal. The camera angle changes occasionally, showing different angles of the game. The players are wearing different colored jerseys, and some of them are wearing protective gear such as shin guards. The video is filmed in slow motion, allowing the viewer to see the details of the players' movements and techniques. Overall, the video is a fun and energetic representation of a soccer game."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The camera pans to an indoor basketball court."
2. Two people are playing basketball, one is dribbling the ball and the other is defending.
3. The person with the ball passes it to a teammate who shoots and scores a basket.
4. The players continue to play basketball, passing the ball and making shots.
5. The camera pans out to show the entire court and the players in action.
6. The players continue to play basketball, with one player making a successful shot from a distance.
7. The players celebrate their success and continue to play basketball.
8. The camera pans out to show the entire court and the players in action.
9. The players continue to play basketball, with one player making a successful shot from a difficult angle.
10. The players celebrate their success and continue to play basketball.
11. The camera pans out to show the entire court and the players in action.
12. The players continue to play basketball, with one player making a successful shot from a long distance.
13. The players celebrate their success and continue to play basketball.
14. The camera pans out to show the entire court and the players in action.
15. The players continue to play basketball, with one player making a successful shot from a difficult angle.
16. The players celebrate their success and continue to play basketball.
17. The camera pans out to show the entire court and the players in action.
18. The players continue to play basketball, with one player making a successful shot from a long distance.
19. The players celebrate their success and continue to play basketball.
20. The camera pans out to show the entire court and the players in action.
21. The players continue to play basketball, with one player making a successful shot from a difficult angle.
22. The players celebrate their success and continue to play basketball.
23. The camera pans out to show the entire court and the players in action.
24. The players continue to play basketball, with one player making a successful shot from a long distance.
25. The players celebrate their success and continue to play basketball.
26. The camera pans out to show the entire court and the players in action.
27. The players continue to play basketball, with one player making a successful shot from a difficult angle.
28. The players celebrate their success and continue to play basketball.
29. The camera pans out to show the entire court and the players in action.
30. The players continue to play basketball, with one player making a successful shot from a long distance.
31. The players celebrate their success and continue to play basketball.
32. The camera pans out to show the entire court and the players in action.
33. The players continue to play basketball, with one player making a successful shot from a difficult angle.
34. The players celebrate their success and continue to play basketball.
35. The camera pans out to show the entire court and the players in action.
36. The players continue to play basketball, with one player making a successful shot from a long distance.
37. The players celebrate their success and continue to play basketball.
38. The camera pans out to show the entire court and the players in action.
39. The players continue to play basketball, with one player making a successful shot from a difficult angle.
40. The players celebrate their success and continue to play basketball.
41. The camera pans out to show the entire court and the players in action.
42. The players continue to play basketball, with one player making a successful shot from a long distance.
43. The players celebrate their success and continue to play basketball.
44. The camera pans out to show the entire court and the players in action.
45. The players continue to play basketball, with one player making a successful shot from a difficult angle.
46. The players celebrate their success and continue to play basketball.
47. The camera pans out to show the entire court and the players in action.
48. The players continue to play basketball, with one player making a successful shot from a long distance.
49. The players celebrate their success and continue to play basketball.
50. The camera pans out to show the entire court and the players in action.
51. The players continue to play basketball, with one player making a successful shot from a long distance.
52. The players celebrate their success and continue to play basketball.
53. The camera pans out to show the entire court and the players in action.
"54. The players continue to"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" At the beginning of the video, we see a group of people playing soccer in an indoor gym. The camera then focuses on a player who is dribbling the ball and trying to score a goal. We also see other players on the field, some of whom are trying to defend their goal while others are attempting to score. The video continues to show the players in action, with some making impressive saves and others missing shots. Throughout the video, the camera captures various angles of the game, providing a dynamic and engaging view of the action."

At around 0:25, we see a player making a successful save, preventing the opposing team from scoring a goal. The camera then shows the players celebrating the save and cheering for their teammate.

At around 0:35, we see another player attempting to score a goal, but their shot is blocked by the goalkeeper. The camera then shows the players reacting to the missed shot, with some expressing frustration while others encourage their teammate to keep trying.

At around 0:45, we see a player making a brilliant save, diving to the ground to prevent the opposing team from scoring a goal. The camera then shows the players celebrating the save and praising their teammate for their skill and determination.

At around 1:00, we see a player making a successful shot, scoring a goal for their team. The camera then shows the players reacting to the goal, with some jumping up and down in excitement while others congratulate their teammate on a well-executed play.

Throughout the video, we also see various shots of the gym and the players, including close-ups of their faces and their uniforms. The camera also captures some interesting angles of the game, such as low-angle shots that provide a unique perspective on the action.

"Overall, the video is an exciting and engaging depiction of a soccer game, showcasing the skill, determination, and teamwork of the players. The use of dynamic camera angles and close-ups adds to the overall impact of the video, making it a must-watch for soccer fans and anyone interested in sports in general."",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a group of people playing soccer in an indoor gym. They are wearing different colored jerseys and are playing the game with enthusiasm. The camera focuses on the players as they kick the ball and make passes to each other. The video also shows the players running and jumping to score goals. Overall, the video captures the excitement and energy of a soccer game."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The video begins with a group of people playing soccer in an indoor gym."
2. One player passes the ball to another player, who then shoots and scores a goal.
3. The camera pans to show the entire team celebrating the goal.
4. The players continue to play soccer, with one player making a save to prevent a goal.
"5. The video ends with the team huddling together and preparing to start the next play."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The video starts with a group of people playing soccer in an indoor gym."
2. One player dribbles the ball towards the goal and shoots it, but misses.
3. Another player takes a shot from a distance and scores a goal.
4. The players celebrate their team's success and continue playing.
5. The video ends with a close-up of the soccer ball.

"Additionally, the players are wearing different colored jerseys, and the gym has yellow and blue lines on the floor. The lighting in the gym is bright, and the camera angle changes throughout the video to capture different perspectives of the game."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a person decorating cupcakes with different colors and toppings. The person uses a piping bag to fill the cupcakes with frosting and decorates them with sprinkles and other toppings. The video also shows the person using a spatula to spread frosting on the cupcakes and using a piping tip to create designs on the frosting. The video ends with the person admiring the finished cupcakes.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person decorating cupcakes with frosting and sprinkles. The person first applies a base of frosting to each cupcake, then uses a piping bag to add decorative designs on top. Finally, the person adds sprinkles to the cupcakes for added texture and visual appeal."

The video does not provide a clear timeline of events, but it can be assumed that the decorating process takes place over a relatively short period of time. The person appears to be working efficiently and methodically, suggesting that they have experience and skill in decorating cupcakes.

"Overall, the video showcases the artistry and creativity involved in decorating cupcakes, and highlights the importance of attention to detail and precision in achieving a visually appealing result."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person decorating cupcakes with different colors and designs. The person uses a piping bag to fill the cupcakes with frosting and then decorates them with various toppings such as sprinkles and chocolate chips. The video also shows the person using a knife to cut the cupcakes into different shapes and sizes. Overall, the video is a fun and creative way to decorate cupcakes for a party or special occasion."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,The video shows a person preparing and decorating cupcakes with different colors and flavors. The person uses a spatula to spread frosting on the cupcakes and decorates them with various toppings. The video also shows the person using a piping bag to create intricate designs on the cupcakes. The video is set in a kitchen and the person is wearing gloves while handling the cupcakes. The video is visually appealing and the person's actions are clear and easy to follow. The video is a great example of how to decorate cupcakes and is suitable for both beginners and experienced bakers.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing and decorating cupcakes with different colors and designs. The person uses a piping bag to fill the cupcakes with frosting and decorates them with sprinkles and other toppings. The video also shows the person using a spatula to spread frosting on top of the cupcakes and smoothing it out with a knife. The person then adds additional decorations to the cupcakes, such as chocolate chips and sprinkles. The video ends with a close-up shot of the finished cupcakes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a person decorating cupcakes with frosting and sprinkles. The person uses a piping bag to pipe frosting onto the cupcakes and then adds sprinkles on top. The video also shows the person decorating multiple cupcakes in the same way.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The person is preparing chocolate cupcakes."
2. They are using a piping bag to fill the cupcake liners with batter.
3. They are decorating the cupcakes with frosting and sprinkles.
4. The person is placing the decorated cupcakes on a tray.
5. They are admiring the finished cupcakes and expressing satisfaction with the result.

"Therefore, the video shows a person baking and decorating chocolate cupcakes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a person decorating cupcakes with frosting and sprinkles. The person starts by piping frosting onto the cupcakes using a piping bag. Then, they add sprinkles on top of the frosting. The person repeats this process for several cupcakes. Finally, they place the decorated cupcakes on a tray."

The video does not provide a clear indication of the exact time range for each event or action. However, based on the context of the video, it appears that the person is decorating several cupcakes in a relatively short amount of time.

Therefore, the sequence of events or actions in the video can be summarized as follows:

1. The person starts decorating cupcakes with frosting and sprinkles.
2. They pipe frosting onto the cupcakes using a piping bag.
3. They add sprinkles on top of the frosting.
4. They repeat this process for several cupcakes.
5. They place the decorated cupcakes on a tray.

"Overall, the video shows a person decorating cupcakes in a fun and creative way. The use of different colors and textures of frosting and sprinkles adds visual interest to the cupcakes and makes them look delicious and appetizing."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person decorating cupcakes with frosting and sprinkles. The person uses a piping bag to pipe frosting onto the cupcakes and then adds sprinkles on top. The cupcakes are of different colors, including brown, green, and yellow. The person also uses a toothpick to make designs on the frosting. The video ends with the person admiring the finished cupcakes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The assistant explains that they will be making chocolate cupcakes."
2. The assistant shows a tray with several cupcakes on it.
3. The assistant uses a piping bag to fill the cupcakes with frosting.
4. The assistant decorates the cupcakes with sprinkles.
5. The assistant shows a close-up of the decorated cupcakes.
6. The assistant thanks the viewer for watching.
"7. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The assistant introduces themselves and explains their role as a helpful, respectful, and honest assistant."
2. The assistant explains that they will answer questions as helpfully as possible, while being safe and socially unbiased.
3. The assistant explains that they will not share false information if they don't know the answer to a question.
4. The assistant explains that they will not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in their responses.
5. The assistant explains that they will not answer questions that do not make any sense or are not factually coherent.
6. The assistant demonstrates how to make chocolate cupcakes by frosting them with chocolate frosting and decorating them with sprinkles.
7. The assistant explains that they will be making a video on how to make chocolate cupcakes.
8. The assistant shows a tray of cupcakes with different frosting designs.
9. The assistant explains that they will be using a piping bag to decorate the cupcakes.
10. The assistant demonstrates how to fill a piping bag with frosting.
11. The assistant demonstrates how to pipe frosting onto a cupcake.
12. The assistant demonstrates how to decorate a cupcake with sprinkles.
13. The assistant explains that they will be making a video on how to decorate cupcakes with sprinkles.
14. The assistant shows a tray of cupcakes with different frosting designs and sprinkles.
15. The assistant explains that they will be using a piping bag to decorate the cupcakes with sprinkles.
16. The assistant demonstrates how to pipe frosting onto a cupcake using a piping bag.
17. The assistant demonstrates how to decorate a cupcake with sprinkles using a piping bag.
18. The assistant explains that they will be making a video on how to decorate cupcakes with sprinkles using a piping bag.
19. The assistant shows a tray of cupcakes with different frosting designs and sprinkles.
20. The assistant explains that they will be using a piping bag to decorate the cupcakes with sprinkles using a piping bag.
21. The assistant demonstrates how to decorate a cupcake with sprinkles using a piping bag.
22. The assistant explains that they will be making a video on how to decorate cupcakes with sprinkles using a piping bag.
23. The assistant shows a tray of cupcakes with different frosting designs and sprinkles.
24. The assistant explains that they will be using a piping bag to decorate the cupcakes with sprinkles using a piping bag.
25. The assistant demonstrates how to decorate a cupcake with sprinkles using a piping bag.
26. The assistant explains that they will be making a video on how to decorate cupcakes with sprinkles using a piping bag.
27. The assistant shows a tray of cupcakes with different frosting designs and sprinkles.
28. The assistant explains that they will be using a piping bag to decorate the cupcakes with sprinkles using a piping bag.
29. The assistant demonstrates how to decorate a cupcake with sprinkles using a piping bag.
30. The assistant explains that they will be making a video on how to decorate cupcakes with sprinkles using a piping bag.
31. The assistant shows a tray of cupcakes with different frosting designs and sprinkles.
32. The assistant explains that they will be using a piping bag to decorate the cupcakes with sprinkles using a piping bag.
33. The assistant demonstrates how to decorate a cupcake with sprinkles using a piping bag.
34. The assistant explains that they will be making a video on how to decorate cupcakes with sprinkles using a piping bag.
35. The assistant shows a tray of cupcakes with different frosting designs and sprinkles.
36. The assistant explains that they will be using a piping bag to decorate the cupcakes with sprinkles using a piping bag.
37. The assistant demonstrates how to decorate a cupcake with sprinkles using a piping bag.
"38. The assistant explains that they will be making a video on how to decorate cupcakes with sprinkles"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a group of people walking down a street at a festival or parade. Some of them are holding dogs on leashes, while others are just walking around. One person is wearing a tie-dye shirt, and there are colorful tents and booths set up along the side of the road. The video also shows a large crowd gathered in the background, and there are several signs and banners hanging from the trees and buildings. Overall, the video gives the impression of a fun and lively event."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a group of people walking on a street with a dog. The dog is on a leash and is being walked by its owner. As they walk, they pass by a group of people standing in front of a building. The people in the group are holding signs and banners, indicating that they are participating in a protest or demonstration."

The video then shows the group of people walking down the street, with the dog leading the way. They pass by several other people and dogs, some of whom are also participating in the protest.

As they continue to walk, the group of people comes across a police officer who is directing traffic. The officer appears to be friendly and waves at the group as they pass by.

The video then shows the group of people continuing to walk down the street, with the dog leading the way. They pass by several other people and dogs, some of whom are also participating in the protest.

The video ends with the group of people and the dog continuing to walk down the street, with the camera focusing on the dog as it walks.

"Overall, the video shows a peaceful protest or demonstration taking place on a city street, with people and dogs participating in the event."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of people walking down a street at a festival or event. Some people are carrying signs, while others are walking their dogs. There is a sense of excitement and energy in the air, as people enjoy the festivities and engage with one another. The video also shows a man wearing a hat and sunglasses, as well as a woman in a colorful shirt. Overall, the video captures the lively and joyful atmosphere of a community coming together to celebrate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows people and a dog walking on a city street. The dog is on a leash and is being walked by its owner. There are also other people walking on the street, and some of them are carrying bags or shopping carts. The video does not provide any context about the location or the event taking place."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a group of people walking on a city street with a dog on a leash. Some people are carrying umbrellas and there are colorful tents and booths set up on the side of the street. The dog appears to be enjoying the walk and the people seem to be having a good time. There is no evidence of any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows people walking on a street with a dog, and there is a man in a tie-dye shirt and sunglasses. The dog is on a leash and appears to be walking alongside its owner. There are also other people walking on the street, and some of them are carrying bags or holding hands. The video also shows a man in a hat and sunglasses, who is standing near a fence and appears to be watching the people walking by. Overall, the video shows a lively and colorful scene on a city street."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. People are walking on a city street."
2. A man is walking a dog on a leash.
3. The dog is pulling the man forward.
4. The man is trying to keep the dog under control.
5. The dog suddenly breaks free and runs into the street.
6. People in the area react and try to catch the dog.
7. The dog is eventually caught and returned to its owner.
"8. The man apologizes to the people he bumped into during the incident."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a group of people walking on a city street, some of them are holding dogs on leashes. A man in a purple shirt is walking with a black dog, and a woman in a pink shirt is walking with a white dog. There are also some people standing around, and some cars are parked on the side of the street. The video does not provide any specific time range for the events or actions shown."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a group of people walking on a street with a dog. The dog is on a leash and is being walked by its owner. The people are wearing various clothing items, including t-shirts, shorts, and hats. Some of them are carrying bags or other items. There are also some buildings and stores visible in the background. The video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. People are walking on a street with a dog."
2. The dog is being walked by its owner.
3. The camera pans to show a crowd of people gathered in the background.
4. The dog is seen sniffing the ground and exploring its surroundings.
5. The camera zooms in to show the dog's face.
6. The dog is seen barking at something in the distance.
7. The camera pans back to show the crowd of people watching the dog.
8. The dog continues to bark and explore its surroundings.
9. The camera zooms out to show the entire scene.
"10. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. People are walking on a city street."
2. A man is walking a dog on a leash.
3. The dog pulls on the leash, causing the man to lose his balance.
4. The man recovers and continues walking with the dog.
5. A group of people is gathered in a park, some of whom are playing frisbee.
6. A woman is walking a dog on a leash in the park.
7. The dog pulls on the leash, causing the woman to lose her balance.
8. The woman recovers and continues walking with the dog.
9. A man is walking a dog on a leash on a sidewalk.
10. The dog pulls on the leash, causing the man to lose his balance and fall to the ground.
11. The man gets up and continues walking with the dog.
12. A group of people is gathered in a street, some of whom are playing music.
13. A man is walking a dog on a leash in the street.
14. The dog pulls on the leash, causing the man to lose his balance and fall to the ground.
15. The man gets up and continues walking with the dog.
16. A woman is walking a dog on a leash on a sidewalk.
17. The dog pulls on the leash, causing the woman to lose her balance and fall to the ground.
18. The woman gets up and continues walking with the dog.
19. A man is walking a dog on a leash on a sidewalk.
20. The dog pulls on the leash, causing the man to lose his balance and fall to the ground.
21. The man gets up and continues walking with the dog.
22. A group of people is gathered in a park, some of whom are playing frisbee.
23. A man is walking a dog on a leash in the park.
24. The dog pulls on the leash, causing the man to lose his balance and fall to the ground.
25. The man gets up and continues walking with the dog.
26. A woman is walking a dog on a leash on a sidewalk.
27. The dog pulls on the leash, causing the woman to lose her balance and fall to the ground.
28. The woman gets up and continues walking with the dog.
29. A man is walking a dog on a leash on a sidewalk.
30. The dog pulls on the leash, causing the man to lose his balance and fall to the ground.
31. The man gets up and continues walking with the dog.
32. A group of people is gathered in a street, some of whom are playing music.
33. A man is walking a dog on a leash in the street.
34. The dog pulls on the leash, causing the man to lose his balance and fall to the ground.
35. The man gets up and continues walking with the dog.
36. A woman is walking a dog on a leash on a sidewalk.
37. The dog pulls on the leash, causing the woman to lose her balance and fall to the ground.
38. The woman gets up and continues walking with the dog.
39. A man is walking a dog on a leash on a sidewalk.
40. The dog pulls on the leash, causing the man to lose his balance and fall to the ground.
41. The man gets up and continues walking with the dog.
42. A group of people is gathered in a park, some of whom are playing frisbee.
43. A man is walking a dog on a leash in the park.
44. The dog pulls on the leash, causing the man to lose his balance and fall to the ground.
45. The man gets up and continues walking with the dog.
46. A woman is walking a dog on a leash on a sidewalk.
47. The dog pulls on the leash, causing the woman to lose her balance and fall to the ground.
48. The woman gets up and continues walking with the dog.
49. A man is walking a dog on a leash on a sidewalk.
50. The dog pulls on the leash, causing the man to lose his balance and fall to the ground.
51. The man gets up and continues walking with the dog.
52. A group of people is gathered in a street, some of whom are playing music.
53. A man is walking a dog on a leash in the street.
"54. The dog pulls on the leash,"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a woman practicing boxing in a gym. She is wearing a yellow shirt and black pants, and she is jumping rope while listening to music. The video also shows her doing various boxing moves, such as punching and dodging. The woman appears to be enjoying herself and is focused on her training. The video is set to upbeat music and has a positive and energetic tone."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a woman wearing a yellow shirt and black pants dancing in a boxing ring. She is then shown doing various exercises, such as jumping jacks and skipping rope. The video ends with the woman continuing to dance and exercise in the ring."

Timeline:
0:00 - Introduction of the woman in the boxing ring
0:05 - Woman doing jumping jacks
0:10 - Woman skipping rope
"0:15 - Woman continuing to dance and exercise in the ring."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a woman practicing boxing in a gym. She is wearing a yellow shirt and black pants, and she is jumping rope while listening to music. The gym has a boxing ring and various boxing equipment, such as punching bags and gloves. The woman appears to be enjoying her workout and is focused on her exercise routine. The video is set to upbeat music and has a positive and energetic atmosphere."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,The video shows a woman practicing boxing in a gym. She is wearing a yellow top and black pants. She is jumping rope and doing various exercises to improve her boxing skills. The gym has a boxing ring and several punching bags. The woman is focused on her training and appears determined to improve her boxing abilities. The video is set to upbeat music and the overall atmosphere is positive and energetic.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a woman wearing a yellow shirt and black pants dancing and jumping in a boxing ring. She is also seen doing some arm exercises while standing in the ring. The background music is upbeat and energetic. The video appears to be a promotional video for a fitness or dance studio. The woman seems to be enjoying herself and appears to be in good physical condition. Overall, the video conveys a positive and uplifting message."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a woman doing jumping jacks in a boxing gym. She is wearing a yellow shirt and black leggings. The background of the video is a boxing ring with ropes and a punching bag. The woman is jumping up and down, alternating between her left and right feet. She is also making small arm movements as she jumps. The video lasts for about 10 seconds."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The woman is seen jumping rope in a boxing gym."
2. She is wearing a yellow shirt and black leggings.
3. The gym has a boxing ring and various boxing equipment.
4. The woman is jumping rope with both feet, then switches to jumping with one foot.
"5. She continues to jump rope for the duration of the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a woman wearing a yellow shirt and black pants dancing and jumping in a boxing ring. She is holding a jump rope and is jumping over it while smiling and having fun. The video also shows her doing some boxing moves and exercises. The woman seems to be enjoying herself and is in good spirits. The video is set to upbeat music and has a positive and energetic atmosphere. The woman's movements are fluid and graceful, and she appears to be in good physical condition. The video is well-lit and the camera angles provide a clear view of the woman's actions. Overall, the video is a fun and uplifting clip that showcases the woman's enthusiasm and energy."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a woman practicing boxing in a gym. She is wearing a yellow shirt and black pants, and she is jumping rope while standing in the middle of the boxing ring. The camera pans around the room, showing various boxing equipment and training tools. The woman continues to jump rope for several minutes, demonstrating her agility and coordination. She then stops jumping and turns to face the camera, smiling and waving. The video ends with a close-up shot of her face."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A woman is seen jumping rope in a boxing gym."
2. She is wearing a yellow shirt and black leggings.
3. The camera pans to show the gym equipment, including a punching bag and boxing gloves.
4. The woman continues jumping rope, focusing on her form and technique.
5. She lands a jump and smiles at the camera.
"6. The video ends with a close-up of the woman's face, looking satisfied with her workout."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 0:03 - The woman is seen jumping rope in a boxing gym."
0:06 - She is wearing a yellow top and black leggings.
0:09 - The woman continues to jump rope with determination.
0:12 - She takes a break and looks at the camera.
0:15 - The woman starts jumping rope again.
0:18 - She lands a jump and smiles at the camera.
"0:21 - The woman finishes her workout and walks away from the camera."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a man putting a contact lens in his eye and then removing it. He mentions that he has a condition called keratoconus, which causes his corneas to bulge outward, and that he wears contacts to correct his vision. He also mentions that he has a hard time putting in and taking out his contacts, and that he has to be careful not to touch the lens with his fingers. The video also shows the man's face and eyes throughout the process."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a man's face, and he is putting a contact lens in his eye. The man then looks at the camera with a surprised expression on his face. He then puts his hand on his forehead and covers his eyes with his fingers. The man then looks at the camera again and says, """"when putting in eye contacts, it's important to remember to blink and not to touch the lens with your fingers."""" The video ends with the man looking at the camera with a satisfied expression on his face."

The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

0:00 - The video starts with a close-up shot of a man's face.
0:03 - The man puts a contact lens in his eye.
0:06 - The man looks at the camera with a surprised expression on his face.
0:09 - The man puts his hand on his forehead and covers his eyes with his fingers.
"0:12 - The man looks at the camera again and says, """"when putting in eye contacts, it's important to remember to blink and not to touch the lens with your fingers."""""
"0:15 - The video ends with the man looking at the camera with a satisfied expression on his face."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a man putting a black object into his eye and then removing it, causing him to blink and squint. The man appears to be in a room with shelves and books, and he is wearing a black shirt and glasses. The video does not provide any context or explanation for the man's actions, and it is unclear why he is putting the object in his eye. The video is not harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a man putting a black object into his eye and then removing it. The man appears to be in a room with shelves and books. He is wearing a blue shirt and has brown hair. The video does not provide any context or explanation for the man's actions. It is unclear whether the man is performing a medical procedure or simply playing with an object. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a man putting a contact lens in his eye and then removing it. He also mentions that he has a condition called """"dry eye,"""" which causes his eyes to feel gritty and uncomfortable. The man also mentions that he has been using a product called """"lacri-lube"""" to help lubricate his eyes and make the contact lens insertion and removal process easier. Additionally, the man mentions that he has been using a product called """"tear-free shampoo"""" to help prevent eye irritation caused by shampoo residue. Overall, the video provides helpful tips for people who wear contact lenses and experience dry eye symptoms."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a man putting a contact lens in his eye and then removing it. He repeats this process several times.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The person is looking at the camera with a serious expression."
2. They put a black contact lens in their eye.
3. They blink their eye several times to adjust to the contact lens.
4. They look around with the contact lens in their eye.
5. They remove the contact lens from their eye and put it back in the case.
6. They look at the camera again, this time with a normal expression.
"7. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a man's face, and he is putting in a contact lens. The man then looks up and says, """"when putting in eye contacts, it's important to not touch the lens with your fingers."""" He then demonstrates how to properly insert the contact lens into his eye. The video ends with the man looking directly at the camera and saying, """"that's it, easy as pie."""""

Therefore, the sequence of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:

1. Close-up shot of a man's face
2. Man putting in a contact lens
3. Man looking up and giving a tip on inserting contact lenses
4. Man demonstrating how to insert a contact lens into his eye
"5. Man looking directly at the camera and saying, """"that's it, easy as pie."""""

"The exact time range for each event or action is not mentioned in the video, but it can be assumed that the entire sequence takes place within a few minutes."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a man putting a contact lens in his eye and then removing it. He mentions that he has been wearing contacts for a long time and that he has a lot of experience with them. He also mentions that he has a prescription for contacts and that he uses them to correct his vision. The video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The person is applying eye drops."
2. They are blinking their eyes to spread the drops evenly.
3. They are looking up and down to ensure that the drops are covering the entire surface of their eyes.
4. They are waiting for the drops to take effect.
5. They are looking at the camera with their eyes open wide.
6. They are blinking their eyes to clear any excess liquid.
"7. They are satisfied with the results and continue with their day."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The person is applying eye drops."
2. They are blinking their eyes to spread the drops evenly.
3. They are looking up and down to ensure the drops are covering the entire surface of their eyes.
4. They are waiting for the drops to take effect.
5. They are blinking their eyes again to ensure the drops are evenly distributed.
6. They are looking at the camera with a slight smile on their face.
"7. The video ends."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video is about a news report on a bullfighting event in spain. The reporter is standing in front of a bullring and talking about the history and traditions of bullfighting. He also mentions that the event is controversial and that some people believe it is cruel to animals. The video also shows footage of the bullfighting event.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video begins with a man in a suit and tie sitting at a desk in a news studio. He is speaking to the camera and discussing the topic of bullfighting. The man then stands up and walks off camera, leaving the viewer with a blank screen."

The video then cuts to a woman in a red blouse and black skirt sitting at a desk in a news studio. She is speaking to the camera and discussing the topic of bullfighting. The woman then stands up and walks off camera, leaving the viewer with a blank screen once again.

The video then cuts to a man in a gray suit and red tie sitting at a desk in a news studio. He is speaking to the camera and discussing the topic of bullfighting. The man then stands up and walks off camera, leaving the viewer with a blank screen for the third time.

The video then cuts to a woman in a blue blouse and black skirt sitting at a desk in a news studio. She is speaking to the camera and discussing the topic of bullfighting. The woman then stands up and walks off camera, leaving the viewer with a blank screen for the fourth time.

The video then cuts to a man in a brown suit and red tie sitting at a desk in a news studio. He is speaking to the camera and discussing the topic of bullfighting. The man then stands up and walks off camera, leaving the viewer with a blank screen for the fifth time.

The video then cuts to a woman in a green blouse and black skirt sitting at a desk in a news studio. She is speaking to the camera and discussing the topic of bullfighting. The woman then stands up and walks off camera, leaving the viewer with a blank screen for the sixth time.

The video then cuts to a man in a gray suit and red tie sitting at a desk in a news studio. He is speaking to the camera and discussing the topic of bullfighting. The man then stands up and walks off camera, leaving the viewer with a blank screen for the seventh time.

The video then cuts to a woman in a red blouse and black skirt sitting at a desk in a news studio. She is speaking to the camera and discussing the topic of bullfighting. The woman then stands up and walks off camera, leaving the viewer with a blank screen for the eighth time.

The video then cuts to a man in a brown suit and red tie sitting at a desk in a news studio. He is speaking to the camera and discussing the topic of bullfighting. The man then stands up and walks off camera, leaving the viewer with a blank screen for the ninth time.

The video then cuts to a woman in a green blouse and black skirt sitting at a desk in a news studio. She is speaking to the camera and discussing the topic of bullfighting. The woman then stands up and walks off camera, leaving the viewer with a blank screen for the tenth time.

The video then cuts to a man in a gray suit and red tie sitting at a desk in a news studio. He is speaking to the camera and discussing the topic of bullfighting. The man then stands up and walks off camera, leaving the viewer with a blank screen for the eleventh time.

The video then cuts to a woman in a red blouse and black skirt sitting at a desk in a news studio. She is speaking to the camera and discussing the topic of bullfighting. The woman then stands up and walks off camera, leaving the viewer with a blank screen for the twelfth time.

The video then cuts to a man in a brown suit and red tie sitting at a desk in a news studio. He is speaking to the camera and discussing the topic of bullfighting. The man then stands up and walks off camera, leaving the viewer with a blank screen for the thirteenth time.

The video then cuts to a woman in a green blouse and black skirt sitting at a desk in a news studio. She is speaking to the camera and discussing the topic of bullfighting. The woman then stands up and walks off camera, leaving the viewer with a blank screen for the fourteenth time.

The video then cuts to a man in a gray suit and red tie sitting at a desk in a news studio. He is speaking to the camera and discussing the topic of bullfighting. The man then stands up and walks off camera, leaving the viewer with a blank screen for the fifteenth time.

"The video then cuts to a woman in a red blouse and black skirt sitting at a desk in a news studio. She is speaking to the camera and discussing the topic of bullfighting. The woman then stands up and walks off camera, leaving the viewer with"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a news anchor reporting on a bullfighting event. The anchor is wearing a suit and tie, and he is standing in front of a backdrop with pictures of bullfighters and bulls. The anchor explains that the event is taking place in a bullring in spain, and he mentions that it is a traditional spanish sport. The anchor also mentions that the bullfighter, jose tomas, has been injured during the event, but he is expected to recover. The video also shows footage of the bullfighting event, including shots of the bullfighter and the bull."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,The video is about a news report featuring a man in a suit and tie standing in front of a television screen displaying a bullfighting event. The man is speaking to the camera and explaining the significance of the event. The background of the video shows a room with various framed photographs on the walls. The man is identified as a presenter or reporter for the news program. The video is filmed in a studio setting with a professional camera and lighting. The overall tone of the video is informative and respectful.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a news anchor sitting at a desk in a studio, surrounded by framed photographs on the wall behind him. He is wearing a suit and tie, and he is speaking to the camera about a bullfighting event that took place in madrid, spain. The anchor mentions that the event was controversial and that some people were upset about it, but he also notes that it was a cultural tradition that has been taking place for centuries. The anchor then shows footage of the bullfighting event, which includes images of bullfighters wearing colorful costumes and performing various feats of strength and agility. The video also shows footage of the bulls themselves, which are large and powerful animals. Overall, the video presents a balanced and informative perspective on the bullfighting event, highlighting both the cultural significance of the tradition and the controversy surrounding it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a man in a suit and tie standing in front of a large screen displaying a bullfighting event. He is holding a red cape and appears to be preparing to enter the ring. The man then turns to face the camera and speaks to the viewer. He mentions that he has been to many bullfights and has seen many different matadors, but he believes that the best matador is the one who can control the bull and make it dance. The man also mentions that bullfighting is a tradition that has been passed down from generation to generation and that it is an important part of spanish culture. He encourages viewers to come and see a bullfight for themselves, as it is a unique and exciting experience. The video ends with the man smiling and waving to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a man in a suit and tie standing in front of a television screen displaying a news broadcast. The man is speaking to the camera and gesturing with his hands. He mentions that he is in the studio and that he is going to talk about bullfighting. The man then proceeds to explain the history and significance of bullfighting in Spain. He also mentions that bullfighting is a controversial topic and that some people find it cruel or inhumane. The man then concludes by saying that bullfighting is an important part of Spanish culture and that it should be respected and protected.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" I'm unable to provide an exact time range for the events or actions in the video as there is no clear indication of the duration of each event or action. However, I can describe the sequence of events or actions in the video as follows:"

1. The presenter is standing in front of a news studio background.
2. He introduces the topic of the video, which is a bullfighting event.
3. He shows a clip of a bullfighting event, which appears to be taking place in a bullring.
4. He explains that bullfighting is a traditional Spanish sport that has been taking place for over 2,000 years.
5. He mentions that bullfighting is a controversial sport, with some people arguing that it is cruel and inhumane.
6. He explains that bullfighting involves a matador, who tries to kill the bull by stabbing it with a sword.
7. He shows a clip of a matador performing in the bullring.
8. He explains that bullfighting is a cultural tradition in Spain and is an important part of Spanish identity.
9. He mentions that bullfighting is not just about killing the bull, but also about the artistry and skill of the matador.
10. He concludes the video by summarizing the main points and encouraging viewers to share their opinions on bullfighting.

"Therefore, the video covers a range of topics related to bullfighting, including its history, cultural significance, and controversy. The exact time range for each event or action is not provided, but the sequence of events or actions is clear."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a news anchor reporting on a bullfighting event. The anchor is wearing a suit and tie, and he is sitting at a desk in a studio. He is talking about the bullfighter's performance and praising his skill. The video also shows footage of the bullfighting event, including close-ups of the bull and the bullfighter. The anchor emphasizes the importance of respecting the bull and the tradition of bullfighting. He also mentions that the event is a part of the madrid fiesta. Overall, the video is informative and respectful, and it highlights the cultural significance of bullfighting in Spain."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The presenter is sitting at a news desk."
2. He introduces a segment about bullfighting.
3. The presenter shows footage of a bullfighting event.
4. He interviews a bullfighter, who explains the history and culture of bullfighting.
5. The bullfighter demonstrates his skills and techniques.
"6. The presenter thanks the bullfighter for his time and concludes the segment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The presenter is standing in front of a news studio background."
2. He is wearing a suit and tie.
3. He is holding a red cape.
4. He is talking about bullfighting.
5. He mentions that bullfighting is a controversial sport.
6. He explains that bullfighting is a tradition in Spain and Portugal.
7. He mentions that bullfighting has been going on for over 2,000 years.
8. He mentions that bullfighting is a spectacle that involves the matador and the bull.
9. He mentions that bullfighting is a dangerous sport and that there have been injuries and deaths.
10. He mentions that bullfighting is a cultural tradition and that it is important to understand the history and context of the sport.
11. He encourages viewers to watch the video to learn more about bullfighting.
"12. He thanks the audience for watching and signs off the broadcast."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a woman participating in an arm wrestling competition. She is competing against another woman, and they are both trying to push each other's arms down on the table. The crowd is cheering them on, and the referee is counting down the time. The woman in the blue shirt wins the match."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video begins with two female arm wrestlers competing against each other. The referee signals the start of the match, and the competitors begin to pull on each other's arms. The video shows close-up shots of their faces and arms as they strain to win. Eventually, one of the competitors loses, and the other is declared the winner. The video ends with the competitors shaking hands and congratulating each other."

Timeline:

0:00 - Introduction to the arm wrestling competition
0:10 - Start of the match between two female competitors
0:30 - Close-up shots of the competitors' faces and arms as they strain to win
1:00 - One of the competitors loses, and the other is declared the winner
"1:15 - The competitors shake hands and congratulate each other."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a group of people, including two women, participating in an arm wrestling competition. The women are sitting at a table with a referee and other spectators watching them. They are wearing sports clothing and appear to be focused on the competition. The atmosphere is lively and energetic, with the crowd cheering and clapping as the women compete against each other. The video ends with the winner being announced and the crowd applauding."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,The video shows a competitive arm wrestling match between two female athletes in front of a live audience. The athletes are wearing sports clothing and are seated at a table with a referee overseeing the event. The audience is cheering and clapping as the athletes engage in a fierce arm wrestling competition. The video also shows close-up shots of the athletes' faces and hands as they struggle to outmatch each other.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a wrestling match between two female wrestlers. They are competing against each other on a mat, and the referee is present to ensure fair play. The wrestlers are wearing wrestling attire, and they are engaging in a physical contest. The video also shows the audience cheering and clapping for the wrestlers. The wrestlers are trying to pin each other down, and the one who manages to do so first wins the match. The video ends with the winner celebrating her victory."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a group of people participating in an arm wrestling competition. They are sitting at a table and competing against each other by trying to push each other's arms down. The video also shows the referee signaling the start and end of each round.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. Two female arm wrestlers are competing against each other."
2. They are both wearing sports attire and are standing on opposite sides of a table.
3. The referee signals the start of the competition and they both begin to grip each other's hands.
4. They both struggle to push each other's hands down onto the table.
5. One of the wrestlers manages to push the other's hand down, winning the competition.
"6. The crowd cheers and applauds as the winner is announced."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" 1. The video starts with two female arm wrestlers facing each other on a stage."
2. They both grip each other's hands and begin the competition.
3. The referee counts down from three and they both pull with all their might.
4. One of the wrestlers wins the match and raises her arm in victory.
5. The crowd cheers and applauds as the winner is awarded a trophy.
6. The video ends with the winner celebrating her victory.

"Therefore, the exact time range for each event or action is not specified in the video. However, the sequence of events suggests that the entire competition took place within a short period of time."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a wrestling match between two female wrestlers. They are competing against each other on a stage in front of an audience. The referee is present to ensure fair play. The wrestlers are wearing wrestling gear and are engaged in a physical struggle, trying to pin each other down. The audience is cheering and clapping as the match progresses."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. Two female arm wrestlers are competing against each other."
2. They are both wearing sports attire.
3. The referee signals the start of the match.
4. The arm wrestlers grip each other's hands and begin the competition.
5. One of the wrestlers wins the match by forcing the other's hand to the table.
6. The referee raises the winner's hand in victory.
"7. The crowd cheers and applauds the winner."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 0:00 - Introduction of the arm wrestling competition"
0:10 - Two female arm wrestlers are introduced
0:20 - The arm wrestling match begins
0:30 - One of the wrestlers loses the match
0:40 - The winner is congratulated by the referee and the audience
0:50 - The next match begins between two male arm wrestlers
1:00 - One of the wrestlers loses the match
1:10 - The winner is congratulated by the referee and the audience
1:20 - The final match between two female arm wrestlers begins
1:30 - One of the wrestlers wins the match
"1:40 - The winner is congratulated by the referee and the audience."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking pasta with pesto sauce in a pan. The pasta is being stirred with a wooden spoon, and the pesto sauce is being added to the pan. The video also shows the person adding grated parmesan cheese to the pasta. The video ends with the person serving the pasta on a plate."

Keywords: pasta, pesto sauce, parmesan cheese, cooking, pan, wooden spoon, stirring, serving.

To learn more about video summarization, visit our website at summarize.video.

If you have any questions or need further clarification, please don't hesitate to ask. We're here to help!

Best regards,
[Your Name]
"Assistant Video Summarization Team."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of pasta being cooked in a pan. The pasta is then drained and placed on a plate. A green sauce is poured over the pasta, and the video ends with a close-up shot of the sauce being stirred."

Here is a more detailed timeline of the video:

0:00 - The video starts with a close-up shot of pasta being cooked in a pan.
0:05 - The pasta is drained and placed on a plate.
0:10 - A green sauce is poured over the pasta.
0:15 - The sauce is stirred with a spoon.
0:20 - The video ends.

"Therefore, the video is about cooking pasta and pouring a green sauce over it. The sauce is then stirred to evenly coat the pasta."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person cooking pasta with pesto sauce in a pan on a stove. The pasta is being stirred with a wooden spoon, and the sauce is being poured over it. The video also shows the person adding grated parmesan cheese to the pasta. The video ends with the person serving the pasta on a plate."

Keywords: pasta, pesto sauce, cooking, stove, pan, wooden spoon, grated parmesan cheese, serving.

Additional context:

"The video is part of a cooking tutorial series. The person in the video is demonstrating how to make pesto pasta. The video shows the ingredients and equipment needed to make the dish, as well as the steps involved in the cooking process. The video is filmed in a kitchen, and the person is wearing an apron. The video is set to music, and the lighting is bright and evenly distributed. The video is shot in a close-up style, allowing the viewer to see the details of the cooking process. The video is intended for a general audience, and is suitable for both beginners and experienced cooks. The video is informative and educational, and provides clear instructions on how to make pesto pasta. The video is also visually appealing, with high-quality footage and clear, concise instructions. The video is a valuable resource for anyone looking to learn how to cook pasta with pesto sauce."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a close-up view of a white plate with pasta and vegetables on it. A person is pouring olive oil over the pasta, and the oil is spreading evenly over the dish. The video also shows the person using a wooden spoon to mix the pasta and oil together. The video ends with a close-up view of the pasta and oil."

Keywords: pasta, vegetables, olive oil, wooden spoon, close-up.

Contextual information: The video appears to be a cooking tutorial, and the person in the video is likely preparing a pasta dish. The video shows the person adding olive oil to the pasta and mixing it together. The video also suggests that the dish may contain vegetables, as there are visible green vegetables on the plate. The video is shot in a close-up style, allowing viewers to see the details of the dish being prepared.

Additional context: The video is part of a series of cooking tutorials, and the person in the video is likely a professional chef or cook. The video is shot in a well-lit kitchen, and the person is wearing an apron. The video is likely intended to be educational, and may be targeted at people who are learning to cook or who are interested in Italian cuisine. The video may also be part of a larger cooking show or series.

"Overall, the video is a short, educational clip that showcases the process of adding olive oil to pasta and mixing it together. The video is shot in a clear, concise style, and provides viewers with a close-up view of the dish being prepared. The video is likely to be of interest to people who are learning to cook or who are interested in Italian cuisine."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking pasta in a pan with olive oil and garlic. The pasta is being stirred with a wooden spoon, and the person is adding parsley and grated parmesan cheese to the dish. The video also shows the person tasting the pasta and adding salt to taste. Finally, the person serves the pasta on a plate and garnishes it with additional parsley."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking pasta with pesto sauce in a pan on a stove. The person is stirring the pasta with a wooden spoon and adding ingredients such as garlic, pine nuts, and basil to the pan. The video also shows the person tasting the pasta and adding more salt to the dish."

The repeated actions in the video are stirring the pasta, adding ingredients to the pan, and tasting the pasta. The video also shows the person using a wooden spoon to mix the ingredients together.

To make the pesto sauce, the person is using a food processor to blend the garlic, pine nuts, basil, and olive oil together. The video also shows the person adding grated parmesan cheese to the sauce and mixing it in.

The video also shows the person serving the pasta on a plate and garnishing it with grated parmesan cheese and basil leaves. The video ends with the person tasting the pasta and expressing satisfaction with the dish.

"Overall, the video shows a person cooking pasta with pesto sauce and demonstrates the steps involved in making the sauce. The video also highlights the importance of using fresh ingredients and tasting the dish as it is being cooked."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A person is cooking pasta in a pan on a stove."
2. The person adds olive oil to the pan.
3. The person stirs the pasta in the pan.
4. The person adds a green sauce to the pasta.
5. The person stirs the pasta again.
6. The person serves the pasta on a plate.

"Therefore, the video shows a person cooking pasta with olive oil and a green sauce."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a person cooking pasta with pesto sauce in a pan on a stove. The pasta is being stirred with a wooden spoon, and the pesto sauce is being added to the pan. The person then adds grated parmesan cheese to the pasta and stirs it in. Finally, the pasta is served on a plate with a side salad."

Here is a breakdown of the sequence of events in the video:

0:00 - The video begins with a close-up shot of a pan on a stove with some olive oil in it.

0:03 - The person adds spaghetti to the pan and stirs it in the oil.

0:06 - The person adds pesto sauce to the pan and stirs it in with the pasta.

0:09 - The person adds grated parmesan cheese to the pasta and stirs it in.

0:12 - The pasta is served on a plate with a side salad.

Therefore, the exact time range for each event or action in the video is as follows:

- Adding spaghetti to the pan: 0:03
- Adding pesto sauce to the pan: 0:06
- Adding grated parmesan cheese to the pasta: 0:09
- Serving the pasta on a plate: 0:12

"Overall, the video shows a simple and delicious recipe for making pasta with pesto sauce. The person's cooking skills and attention to detail are evident throughout the video, making it an enjoyable and informative watch for anyone who loves Italian cuisine."",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person cooking pasta with pesto sauce in a pan. The pasta is being stirred with a wooden spoon, and the pesto sauce is being poured over the pasta. The person is also adding grated parmesan cheese to the dish. The video ends with the pasta being served on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The video shows a close-up view of a plate of pasta with pesto sauce."
2. The camera zooms in on the pasta, revealing the texture and appearance of the dish.
3. The video then shows a hand pouring olive oil over the pasta.
4. The camera pans out to reveal a bowl of grated parmesan cheese.
5. The hand scoops up some of the cheese and sprinkles it over the pasta.
6. The video ends with a close-up view of the finished dish.

"Overall, the video showcases the process of preparing and plating a simple pasta dish with pesto sauce and parmesan cheese. The visuals are clear and engaging, making it an ideal choice for a quick and easy meal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A close-up shot of a plate with pasta and vegetables."
2. The camera zooms out to reveal a person's hand holding a spoon and pouring a green sauce over the pasta.
3. The person stirs the pasta with the spoon, allowing the sauce to coat the noodles evenly.
4. The camera pans to the side to reveal a bowl of grated parmesan cheese.
5. The person sprinkles the cheese over the pasta, adding a final touch to the dish.
"6. The camera zooms out to show the entire plate of pasta, ready to be served."",1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a man and a woman sitting on a beach and the man is holding a seashell. The woman is wearing a white bikini and the man is wearing a gray shirt. They are talking and laughing, and the man is holding a seashell in his hand. The video also shows the ocean and some palm trees in the background."

The man and woman are sitting on the beach and the man is holding a seashell in his hand. The woman is wearing a white bikini and the man is wearing a gray shirt. They are talking and laughing, and the man is holding the seashell up to the camera. The video also shows the ocean and some palm trees in the background.

The man and woman are sitting on the beach and the man is holding a seashell in his hand. The woman is wearing a white bikini and the man is wearing a gray shirt. They are talking and laughing, and the man is holding the seashell up to the camera. The video also shows the ocean and some palm trees in the background.

The man and woman are sitting on the beach and the man is holding a seashell in his hand. The woman is wearing a white bikini and the man is wearing a gray shirt. They are talking and laughing, and the man is holding the seashell up to the camera. The video also shows the ocean and some palm trees in the background.

The man and woman are sitting on the beach and the man is holding a seashell in his hand. The woman is wearing a white bikini and the man is wearing a gray shirt. They are talking and laughing, and the man is holding the seashell up to the camera. The video also shows the ocean and some palm trees in the background.

The man and woman are sitting on the beach and the man is holding a seashell in his hand. The woman is wearing a white bikini and the man is wearing a gray shirt. They are talking and laughing, and the man is holding the seashell up to the camera. The video also shows the ocean and some palm trees in the background.

The man and woman are sitting on the beach and the man is holding a seashell in his hand. The woman is wearing a white bikini and the man is wearing a gray shirt. They are talking and laughing, and the man is holding the seashell up to the camera. The video also shows the ocean and some palm trees in the background.

The man and woman are sitting on the beach and the man is holding a seashell in his hand. The woman is wearing a white bikini and the man is wearing a gray shirt. They are talking and laughing, and the man is holding the seashell up to the camera. The video also shows the ocean and some palm trees in the background.

The man and woman are sitting on the beach and the man is holding a seashell in his hand. The woman is wearing a white bikini and the man is wearing a gray shirt. They are talking and laughing, and the man is holding the seashell up to the camera. The video also shows the ocean and some palm trees in the background.

The man and woman are sitting on the beach and the man is holding a seashell in his hand. The woman is wearing a white bikini and the man is wearing a gray shirt. They are talking and laughing, and the man is holding the seashell up to the camera. The video also shows the ocean and some palm trees in the background.

The man and woman are sitting on the beach and the man is holding a seashell in his hand. The woman is wearing a white bikini and the man is wearing a gray shirt. They are talking and laughing, and the man is holding the seashell up to the camera. The video also shows the ocean and some palm trees in the background.

The man and woman are sitting on the beach and the man is holding a seashell in his hand. The woman is wearing a white bikini and the man is wearing a gray shirt. They are talking and laughing, and the man is holding the seashell up to the camera. The video also shows the ocean and some palm trees in the background.

The man and woman are sitting on the beach and the man is holding a seashell in his hand. The woman is wearing a white bikini and the man is wearing a gray shirt. They are talking and laughing, and the man is holding the seashell up to the camera. The video also shows the ocean and some palm trees in the background.

"The man and woman are sitting on the beach and the man is holding a seashell in his hand. The woman is wearing a white bikini and the man is wearing a gray shirt. They are talking and laughing, and the man is holding the seashell up to the camera. The video also shows the"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video begins with a man and a woman sitting on a beach chair, holding a piece of paper. The man then picks up a seashell and shows it to the camera."

Next, the woman picks up a toothbrush and starts brushing her teeth while the man looks on. She then spits out the toothpaste and the camera zooms in on the toothbrush.

The woman then stands up and starts walking towards the water, leaving the toothbrush behind. The man follows her and they both walk into the water.

The video ends with the man and woman standing in the water, looking at each other.

Therefore, the timeline of salient events in the video is as follows:

1. The man and woman are sitting on a beach chair, holding a piece of paper.
2. The man picks up a seashell and shows it to the camera.
3. The woman picks up a toothbrush and starts brushing her teeth.
4. She spits out the toothpaste and the camera zooms in on the toothbrush.
5. The woman stands up and starts walking towards the water, leaving the toothbrush behind.
6. The man follows her and they both walk into the water.
"7. The video ends with the man and woman standing in the water, looking at each other."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a man and a woman sitting on a beach, and the man is holding a seashell in his hand. The woman is wearing a white bikini, and the man is wearing a gray shirt. They appear to be on a date or having a conversation. The man then drops the seashell on the ground, and the woman picks it up and examines it. The video ends with the man and woman continuing their conversation."

"There is no violence, harm, or illegal content in the video. The language used is respectful and socially unbiased. The video is positive in nature and does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a man and a woman sitting on a beach, and the woman is holding a seashell in her hand. The man is wearing a white shirt and shorts, and the woman is wearing a pink dress. They are both looking at the seashell, and the man is holding a toothbrush in his other hand. The woman then puts the toothbrush in her mouth and starts brushing her teeth with it. The video ends with the man and woman laughing and smiling at each other."

"There are no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are a beach setting and the present moment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a man and a woman sitting on a beach chair, and the man is holding a piece of paper. The woman is wearing a white bikini and is looking at the man. The man then puts the piece of paper on the ground and the woman steps on it, causing it to tear. The man then picks up a toothbrush and starts brushing his teeth while the woman looks on. The video ends with the man and woman laughing."

Therefore, the salient events or actions occurring in the video are:

1. The man and woman are sitting on a beach chair.
2. The man holds a piece of paper.
3. The woman steps on the piece of paper, causing it to tear.
4. The man picks up a toothbrush and starts brushing his teeth.
5. The woman looks on.
"6. The man and woman laugh."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a man and a woman sitting on a beach and the man is holding a piece of paper. The woman is wearing a white bikini and the man is wearing a gray shirt. The man is holding a piece of paper and the woman is looking at it. The man then puts the paper in his mouth and the woman looks surprised. The man then spits out the paper and the woman looks relieved. The video then shows the man and woman walking away from the camera."

"Therefore, the repeated events or actions in the video are the man holding a piece of paper, the woman looking at it, the man putting the paper in his mouth, and the woman looking surprised. The video also shows the man spitting out the paper and the woman looking relieved."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A man and a woman are sitting on a beach chair."
2. The man is holding a piece of paper and the woman is looking at it.
3. The man puts the paper on the ground and the woman picks it up.
4. The woman puts the paper in her mouth and starts chewing it.
5. The man looks surprised and asks the woman what she is doing.
6. The woman explains that she is trying to find out if the paper is edible.
7. The man laughs and tells the woman that she is crazy.
8. The woman continues to chew the paper and the man looks on in amusement.
9. The camera zooms out to show the beach and the ocean in the background.
10. The man and the woman continue to sit on the beach chair, enjoying the sun and the beach.

"Overall, the video is a humorous and lighthearted sequence of events that showcases the quirky and playful nature of the man and the woman. The use of the beach and the ocean as a backdrop adds to the relaxed and carefree atmosphere of the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video starts with a man and a woman sitting on a beach chair, the man is holding a piece of paper and the woman is looking at him. The man then stands up and walks towards the ocean, the woman follows him and they both dip their feet in the water."

The man then picks up a small object from the sand and shows it to the woman, she looks surprised and asks him what it is. The man explains that it is a sea urchin and they both laugh.

The man then bends down and picks up a toothbrush from the sand, he starts brushing his teeth with it while the woman looks on in amusement.

The video ends with the man and woman sitting back down on the beach chair, laughing and enjoying each other's company.

Therefore, the exact time range for each event or action in the video is as follows:

0:00 - 0:05: Man and woman sitting on beach chair
0:06 - 0:10: Man stands up and walks towards ocean
0:11 - 0:15: Woman follows man and they both dip their feet in the water
0:16 - 0:20: Man picks up sea urchin and shows it to woman
0:21 - 0:25: Man picks up toothbrush from sand and brushes his teeth
"0:26 - 0:30: Man and woman sitting back down on beach chair, laughing and enjoying each other's company."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a man and a woman sitting on a beach chair and the man is holding a piece of paper. The woman is wearing a white bikini and the man is wearing a gray shirt. The man is looking at the paper and the woman is looking at him. Suddenly, the man drops the paper on the ground and the woman picks it up and looks at it. The man then gets up and walks away, leaving the woman sitting on the beach chair. The video ends with the woman looking at the paper and the camera panning out to show the beach and the ocean in the background."

"Therefore, the most important events or actions in the video are the man dropping the paper on the ground and the woman picking it up."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A man and a woman are sitting on a beach chair."
2. The man is holding a piece of paper and the woman is looking at it.
3. The man drops the piece of paper on the ground.
4. The woman picks up the piece of paper and reads it aloud.
5. The man gets up and walks away.
6. The woman looks confused and starts to cry.
7. The man returns and comforts the woman.
8. The man and the woman hug each other.
"9. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A man and a woman are sitting on a beach chair."
2. The man is holding a piece of paper and the woman is looking at it.
3. The man puts the paper on the ground and the woman picks it up.
4. The woman puts the paper in her mouth and the man looks surprised.
5. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up again.
6. The man puts the paper in his mouth and the woman looks surprised again.
7. The man spits out the paper and the woman picks it up a third time.
8. The woman puts the paper in her mouth and the man looks concerned.
9. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up a fourth time.
10. The woman puts the paper in her mouth again and the man looks worried.
11. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up a fifth time.
12. The woman puts the paper in her mouth a sixth time and the man looks very concerned.
13. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up a seventh time.
14. The woman puts the paper in her mouth a eighth time and the man looks extremely worried.
15. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up a ninth time.
16. The woman puts the paper in her mouth a tenth time and the man looks terrified.
17. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up a eleventh time.
18. The woman puts the paper in her mouth a twelfth time and the man looks very scared.
19. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up a thirteenth time.
20. The woman puts the paper in her mouth a fourteenth time and the man looks extremely scared.
21. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up a fifteenth time.
22. The woman puts the paper in her mouth a sixteenth time and the man looks terrified again.
23. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up a seventeenth time.
24. The woman puts the paper in her mouth a eighteenth time and the man looks very scared again.
25. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up a nineteenth time.
26. The woman puts the paper in her mouth a twentieth time and the man looks extremely scared again.
27. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up a twenty-first time.
28. The woman puts the paper in her mouth a twenty-second time and the man looks terrified again.
29. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up a twenty-third time.
30. The woman puts the paper in her mouth a twenty-fourth time and the man looks very scared again.
31. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up a twenty-fifth time.
32. The woman puts the paper in her mouth a twenty-sixth time and the man looks terrified again.
33. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up a twenty-seventh time.
34. The woman puts the paper in her mouth a twenty-eighth time and the man looks extremely scared again.
35. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up a twenty-ninth time.
36. The woman puts the paper in her mouth a thirtieth time and the man looks terrified again.
37. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up a thirty-first time.
38. The woman puts the paper in her mouth a thirty-second time and the man looks extremely scared again.
39. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up a thirty-third time.
40. The woman puts the paper in her mouth a thirty-fourth time and the man looks terrified again.
41. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up a thirty-fifth time.
42. The woman puts the paper in her mouth a thirty-sixth time and the man looks extremely scared again.
43. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up a thirty-seventh time.
44. The woman puts the paper in her mouth a thirty-eighth time and the man looks terrified again.
45. The woman spits out the paper and the man picks it up a thirty-ninth time.
"46. The woman puts the paper in her mouth a fortieth time and the"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a person using a power sander to smooth out a piece of wood. The person explains that they are using a 120-grit sandpaper to remove the old finish and prepare the surface for painting. They also mention that they are using a dust mask to protect themselves from the dust generated by the sanding process. The video ends with the person thanking the viewer for watching and encouraging them to subscribe to the channel for more DIY projects.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video does not provide a clear timeline of events or actions. However, it appears that the person is working on a construction project and using a power tool to cut a piece of wood. The video also shows the person using a level to ensure that the wood is level. Additionally, there are some tools and materials visible in the background, such as a saw, a hammer, and some nails. Overall, the video appears to be showing the process of constructing something, but the exact nature of the project is not clear."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person using a power sander to smooth out a piece of wood on the floor. The person is wearing safety glasses and is working in a garage or workshop. The video also shows the person using a tape measure to measure the size of the wood piece. The person appears to be working on a project, possibly building or repairing something. The video does not provide any additional context or information about the project or the person working on it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person using a power sander to smooth out a piece of wood. The wood is lying on the floor in a room, and there are other objects in the background, such as a table and a chair. The person is wearing protective clothing, including gloves and a mask, to prevent dust and debris from getting in their eyes or lungs. The video also shows the person adjusting the speed of the sander to achieve the desired level of smoothness on the wood. Overall, the video appears to be a tutorial or demonstration of how to use a power sander to prepare a piece of wood for painting or finishing."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a person using a power sander to smooth out a piece of wood. The person is wearing safety glasses and is working in a garage or workshop. The video also shows the person adjusting the sander to different settings and using different sanding pads. The person is working carefully and methodically to ensure that the wood is evenly sanded. The video ends with the person putting away the sander and the piece of wood.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person using a power sander to smooth out the surface of a piece of wood. The person moves the sander back and forth over the wood, applying pressure to remove any rough spots or imperfections. The video also shows the person adjusting the speed of the sander to achieve the desired level of smoothness. The repeated actions in the video are the person using the power sander to sand the wood."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The camera is focused on a piece of cardboard on the floor."
2. A person is using a power sander to smooth out the surface of the cardboard.
3. The person stops sanding and picks up a piece of tape.
4. The person applies the tape to the cardboard and smooths it out with their fingers.
5. The person continues sanding the cardboard, focusing on the edges and corners.
6. The person stops sanding and picks up a ruler.
7. The person measures the dimensions of the cardboard and marks them with a pen.
8. The person picks up a pencil and draws a line along the edge of the cardboard.
9. The person picks up a saw and cuts along the line.
10. The person picks up a hammer and nails the cardboard to a piece of wood.
11. The person picks up a screwdriver and screws the cardboard to the wood.
12. The person steps back and admires their work.
13. The camera zooms out to show the entire room, with the finished project in the foreground.
"14. The person turns to the camera and smiles, satisfied with their work."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video does not provide a clear sequence of events or actions with exact time ranges. However, it appears that someone is using a power sander to smooth out a piece of wood or other material. The video also shows the person using a measuring tape and a level to ensure that the material is being sanded evenly. Additionally, there are some tools and materials visible in the background, such as a saw, a hammer, and some nails. Overall, the video appears to be showing someone preparing a surface for painting or other finishing work."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a person using a power sander to smooth out the surface of a piece of wood. The person is wearing safety glasses and is working in a garage or workshop. The video also shows the person using a measuring tape to measure the dimensions of the wood. The person then marks the measurements on the wood with a pencil. The video ends with the person continuing to sand the wood.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The video shows a person using a power sander to smooth out a piece of wood."
2. The person applies pressure to the sander to ensure an even finish.
3. The camera pans to show the wood before and after sanding.
4. The person uses a measuring tape to measure the dimensions of the wood.
5. The person marks the wood with a pencil to indicate the areas that need to be sanded.
6. The person puts on safety goggles before starting the sanding process.
7. The person wears a dust mask to prevent inhaling dust particles.
8. The person uses a vacuum cleaner to remove dust from the area.
9. The person checks the wood for any imperfections or unevenness.
10. The person applies a coat of paint to the wood to cover any remaining imperfections.
11. The person uses a brush to apply the paint evenly.
12. The person applies a second coat of paint to ensure full coverage.
13. The person uses a sanding block to smooth out any rough edges on the paint.
14. The person applies a clear coat of varnish to protect the paint from damage.
15. The person uses a cloth to wipe away any excess varnish.
"16. The person admires the finished product, which looks smooth and even."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The camera pans over a room with a green carpet."
2. A person is seen using a power sander on a piece of wood.
3. The person applies a clear coat to the wood.
4. The person uses a level to ensure the wood is level.
5. The person attaches the wood to the wall using screws.
6. The person uses a stud finder to locate studs in the wall.
7. The person marks the location of the studs with a pencil.
8. The person drills pilot holes in the wood.
9. The person attaches the wood to the wall using screws and anchors.
10. The person uses a level to ensure the wood is level and straight.
11. The person sanded the edges of the wood to make it flush with the wall.
12. The person applies a clear coat to the wood to protect it from damage.
13. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
14. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
15. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
16. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
17. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
18. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
19. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
20. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
21. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
22. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
23. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
24. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
25. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
26. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
27. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
28. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
29. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
30. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
31. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
32. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
33. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
34. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
35. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
36. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
37. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
38. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
39. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
40. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
41. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
42. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
43. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
44. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
45. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
46. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
47. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to the edges of the wood.
"48. The person uses a paintbrush to apply a clear coat to"",1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a person cooking vegetables in a frying pan on a kitchen counter. The person is wearing a yellow shirt and is using a spatula to stir the vegetables. The video also shows a close-up view of the vegetables in the pan.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a person's hand holding a spatula and stirring vegetables in a frying pan on a kitchen stove. The person then adds more vegetables to the pan and continues to cook them. The camera then shows a close-up shot of the vegetables sizzling in the pan. The person then adds some spices to the vegetables and stirs them around. The video ends with a shot of the cooked vegetables being served on a plate."

The video does not provide any information about the specific vegetables being cooked or the spices being used. However, it can be assumed that the person is making a stir-fry dish.

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. A person is stirring vegetables in a frying pan on a kitchen stove.
2. The person adds more vegetables to the pan.
3. The person adds spices to the vegetables and stirs them around.
4. The cooked vegetables are served on a plate.

"Overall, the video shows a simple and quick way to cook vegetables using a frying pan and some basic spices. It is a great recipe for anyone who wants to make a healthy and delicious meal in a short amount of time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person cooking vegetables in a frying pan on a kitchen counter. The person is wearing a yellow shirt and is using a wooden spoon to stir the vegetables. The kitchen counter has a sink, a stove, and various kitchen utensils. The person is also wearing a watch on their wrist. The video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking vegetables in a frying pan on a kitchen counter. The person is wearing a yellow shirt and is holding a spatula in one hand. The kitchen has a wooden floor, a white sink, and a blue and white tile backsplash. The person is chopping the vegetables with a knife and then adding them to the pan. The video also shows a person washing dishes in the sink. The video is filmed from a bird's eye view, providing an overhead perspective of the scene. The video is set in a modern kitchen with contemporary appliances and fixtures. The video is shot in a bright and well-lit environment, with natural light coming in through a window. The video is set in a residential context, suggesting that the person is cooking at home. The video is shot in a casual and relaxed style, with the person speaking in a conversational tone. The video is intended for a general audience and does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature, with a focus on cooking and food preparation. The video is suitable for all ages and is appropriate for viewing by children and adults alike. The video is a good example of a simple and straightforward cooking tutorial, demonstrating how to cook vegetables in a frying pan. The video is also a good example of how to use a spatula to flip and stir food in a pan. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who enjoys cooking and wants to learn new techniques and skills. The video is also a good example of how to use a camera to capture high-quality footage of a cooking process. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is also a good example of how to use a camera to capture high-quality footage of a cooking process, providing a clear and detailed view of the scene. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their cooking skills. The video is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to learn how to cook and wants to improve their"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking vegetables in a frying pan on a kitchen stove. The person is wearing a yellow shirt and is using a wooden spoon to stir the vegetables. The vegetables include carrots, onions, and peppers. The person is also using a cutting board and a knife to chop the vegetables before cooking them. The video also shows the person washing dishes in a sink. The person is wearing a watch on their wrist and appears to be enjoying the cooking process. The video is filmed from a bird's eye view, providing a clear view of the kitchen and the person cooking in it. The video is well-lit and the colors are bright and vibrant. The person is speaking in a friendly and conversational tone, making the video engaging and entertaining to watch. Overall, the video is a positive and enjoyable representation of cooking in a kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking vegetables in a frying pan on a kitchen stove. The person is cutting the vegetables with a knife and then placing them in the pan to cook. The person is also using a spatula to stir the vegetables in the pan. The video also shows the person washing dishes in the sink. The person is wearing a yellow shirt and blue jeans. The kitchen has a wooden countertop and a white tile floor. The video is filmed from a bird's eye view. The person is cooking the vegetables in olive oil and adding salt and pepper to taste. The person is also using a wooden cutting board to chop the vegetables. The video is set to music and the sound of the sizzling vegetables can be heard in the background. The person is also using a colander to rinse the vegetables before cooking them. The video is filmed in a brightly lit kitchen with natural light coming in through a window. The person is also using a wooden spoon to stir the vegetables in the pan. The video is filmed in a close-up shot, allowing the viewer to see the details of the cooking process. The person is also using a paper towel to wipe the pan clean after cooking the vegetables. The video is filmed in a high definition format and the image quality is clear and sharp. The person is also using a wooden spatula to flip the vegetables in the pan. The video is filmed in a continuous shot, showing the entire cooking process from start to finish. The person is also using a wooden cutting board to chop the vegetables into small pieces before cooking them. The video is filmed in a professional manner, with good lighting and clear audio. The person is also using a wooden spoon to stir the vegetables in the pan. The video is filmed in a continuous shot, showing the entire cooking process from start to finish. The person is also using a wooden spatula to flip the vegetables in the pan. The video is filmed in a continuous shot, showing the entire cooking process from start to finish. The person is also using a wooden cutting board to chop the vegetables into small pieces before cooking them. The video is filmed in a professional manner, with good lighting and clear audio. The person is also using a wooden spoon to stir the vegetables in the pan. The video is filmed in a continuous shot, showing the entire cooking process from start to finish. The person is also using a wooden spatula to flip the vegetables in the pan. The video is filmed in a continuous shot, showing the entire cooking process from start to finish. The person is also using a wooden cutting board to chop the vegetables into small pieces before cooking them. The video is filmed in a professional manner, with good lighting and clear audio. The person is also using a wooden spoon to stir the vegetables in the pan. The video is filmed in a continuous shot, showing the entire cooking process from start to finish. The person is also using a wooden spatula to flip the vegetables in the pan. The video is filmed in a continuous shot, showing the entire cooking process from start to finish. The person is also using a wooden cutting board to chop the vegetables into small pieces before cooking them. The video is filmed in a professional manner, with good lighting and clear audio. The person is also using a wooden spoon to stir the vegetables in the pan. The video is filmed in a continuous shot, showing the entire cooking process from start to finish. The person is also using a wooden spatula to flip the vegetables in the pan. The video is filmed in a continuous shot, showing the entire cooking process from start to finish. The person is also using a wooden cutting board to chop the vegetables into small pieces before cooking them. The video is filmed in a professional manner, with good lighting and clear audio. The person is also using a wooden spoon to stir the vegetables in the pan. The video is filmed in a continuous shot, showing the entire cooking process from start to finish. The person is also using a wooden spatula to flip the vegetables in the pan. The video is filmed in a continuous shot, showing the entire cooking process from start to finish. The person is also using a wooden cutting board to chop the vegetables into small pieces before cooking them. The video is filmed in a professional manner, with good lighting and clear audio. The person is also using a wooden spoon to stir the vegetables in the pan. The video is filmed in a continuous shot, showing the entire cooking process from start to finish. The person is also using a wooden spatula to flip the vegetables in the pan. The video is filmed in a continuous shot, showing the entire cooking process from start to finish. The person is also using a wooden cutting board to chop the vegetables into small pieces before cooking them. The video is filmed in a professional manner, with good lighting and clear audio. The person is also using a wooden spoon to stir the vegetables in the pan. The video is"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a man cooking vegetables in a frying pan on a kitchen counter. He is wearing a yellow shirt and holding a spatula in his hand. The vegetables include carrots, onions, and bell peppers. The man is stirring the vegetables with the spatula and adding seasoning to the pan. He then turns off the stove and removes the pan from the heat. The video ends with the man looking at the cooked vegetables in the pan."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a person cooking vegetables in a frying pan on a kitchen counter. The person is wearing a yellow shirt and is holding a spatula in one hand and a knife in the other hand. The vegetables in the pan include carrots, onions, and bell peppers. The person is stirring the vegetables with the spatula and occasionally lifting the pan off the stove to check on the cooking progress. The person then adds salt and pepper to the vegetables and continues to cook them until they are tender. The video ends with the person turning off the stove and removing the pan from the heat."

Therefore, the sequence of salient events or actions in the video is as follows:

1. Person wearing a yellow shirt is cooking vegetables in a frying pan on a kitchen counter.
2. Person is holding a spatula in one hand and a knife in the other hand.
3. Vegetables in the pan include carrots, onions, and bell peppers.
4. Person is stirring the vegetables with the spatula and occasionally lifting the pan off the stove to check on the cooking progress.
5. Person adds salt and pepper to the vegetables.
6. Person continues to cook the vegetables until they are tender.
7. Person turns off the stove and removes the pan from the heat.

"Therefore, the exact time range in which each event or action happens is not specified in the video. However, the video suggests that the cooking process takes approximately 5-10 minutes."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person cooking vegetables in a frying pan on a kitchen stove. The person is wearing a yellow shirt and is using a wooden spoon to stir the vegetables. The vegetables include carrots, onions, and peppers. The person is also using a cutting board and a knife to chop the vegetables before cooking them. The video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The video shows a person cooking vegetables in a frying pan on a kitchen stove."
2. The person is wearing a yellow shirt and is holding a spatula in one hand.
3. The vegetables in the pan include carrots, onions, and bell peppers.
4. The person is stirring the vegetables with the spatula.
5. The person adds salt to the vegetables in the pan.
6. The person turns off the stove and removes the pan from the heat.
7. The person serves the vegetables onto a plate and sets it on the kitchen counter.
8. The person washes the frying pan and sets it in the sink.
9. The person turns on the kitchen faucet and begins washing the dishes.
"10. The video ends with the person looking at the camera and smiling."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A person is standing in front of a kitchen sink."
2. The person is holding a knife and chopping vegetables, including carrots and onions, on a cutting board.
3. The person is stirring the vegetables in a frying pan on the stove.
4. The person is adding spices to the vegetables in the pan.
5. The person is tasting the vegetables in the pan and adjusting the seasoning.
6. The person is serving the vegetables on a plate and placing it on the kitchen counter.
7. The person is washing the dishes in the sink.
8. The person is drying the dishes with a towel and placing them in the dish rack.
9. The person is cleaning the kitchen counter and sink.
10. The person is putting away the dishes and utensils in the kitchen cabinets.
"11. The person is turning off the stove and leaving the kitchen."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person reaching into a kitchen cabinet and pulling out a plastic container with food inside. The person then opens the container and pours the food into a bowl. The video also shows the person's hand and wrist, as well as a kitchen counter and sink in the background. The person appears to be making a meal or snack."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a person holding a plate and a knife in front of a kitchen sink. The person then opens a cabinet door and takes out a plastic container. The person then pours some liquid from the container into a bowl on the counter. The person then puts the bowl on the sink and washes it with soap and water. The person then puts the bowl back on the counter and pours the liquid from the container into it. The person then adds some food to the bowl and stirs it with a spoon. The person then eats the food from the bowl. The video ends with the person putting the plate and knife back in the cabinet."

Timeline:
0:00 - Person holds plate and knife in front of sink
0:03 - Person opens cabinet door and takes out plastic container
0:05 - Person pours liquid from container into bowl on counter
0:08 - Person puts bowl on sink and washes it with soap and water
0:12 - Person puts bowl back on counter and adds food to it
0:15 - Person eats food from bowl
"0:18 - Person puts plate and knife back in cabinet."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person standing in a kitchen, holding a plate and a can of milk. The person is reaching into a cabinet above the sink and taking out a container of food. The kitchen counter is cluttered with various items, including a bottle of water, a bowl of cereal, and a box of cookies. The person then pours the milk into a bowl and begins to eat the cereal. The video does not provide any context or explanation for the actions taking place."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person standing in a kitchen, holding a plastic container and pouring its contents into a sink. The container appears to contain food or drink, and the person seems to be preparing to wash it. The kitchen counter is cluttered with various items, including a knife block, a cutting board, and a bowl of fruit. The person is wearing blue jeans and a white t-shirt, and their hands are visible throughout the video. The overall atmosphere is calm and peaceful."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person opening a kitchen cabinet and taking out a plastic container. The person then pours a liquid substance from the container into a sink. The person also mentions that they are making a smoothie. The video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person reaching into a kitchen cabinet and taking out a container of food. The person then opens the container and pours the food into a bowl. The person then puts the container back into the cabinet and closes the door. The video repeats this sequence several times."

Therefore, the repeated events or actions in the video are:

1. Reaching into a kitchen cabinet
2. Taking out a container of food
3. Opening the container
4. Pouring the food into a bowl
5. Putting the container back into the cabinet
"6. Closing the door of the cabinet."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The person is standing in front of a kitchen counter."
2. They are holding a plastic container in their hand.
3. They open the container and take out some food.
4. They put the food on the counter.
5. They take out a plate and put it on the counter.
6. They pour some milk into a glass and put it on the counter.
7. They take out a knife and cut the food into smaller pieces.
8. They put the food on the plate.
9. They take a bite of the food.
10. They put the plate and the glass on the counter.
"11. They turn off the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a person reaching for a container on a kitchen counter. The container appears to be filled with food, possibly cereal or granola. The person then opens the container and pours the contents into a bowl. The video does not provide any additional context or information about the person or the food."

Therefore, it is not possible to determine the exact time range in which each event or action happens based on the given video alone. However, we can infer that the events occur within a short period of time, likely within a few seconds.

Here is a possible sequence of events based on the given video:

1. The person reaches for a container on the kitchen counter.
2. The person opens the container and pours the contents into a bowl.

"The exact time range for each event or action cannot be determined without additional context or information."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person reaching into a kitchen cabinet and taking out a container of food. The person then opens the container and pours the food into a bowl. The person also mentions that they are using a knife to cut the food. The video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The person is standing in front of a kitchen counter."
2. They are holding a plastic container.
3. The person opens the container and takes out a spoon.
4. They put the spoon in a bowl.
5. The person pours milk into the bowl.
6. They add cereal to the bowl.
7. The person stirs the cereal with the spoon.
8. They take a bite of the cereal.
9. The person puts the container back in the kitchen cabinet.
"10. The person turns off the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The person is holding a plate and a container of food."
2. They open the container and pour the food onto the plate.
3. They put the container back in the kitchen cabinet.
4. The person puts the plate on the kitchen counter.
5. They take out a bottle of milk from the refrigerator and pours it into a glass.
6. They put the glass on the kitchen counter next to the plate.
7. The person takes out a knife from the drawer and cuts something on the plate.
8. They put the knife back in the drawer.
9. The person takes a bite of the food on the plate.
10. They put the plate and glass in the dishwasher.
11. The person turns on the dishwasher and puts a detergent pod in the dispenser.
12. They close the dishwasher door.
13. The person turns on the kitchen faucet and washes their hands.
14. They turn off the faucet and dry their hands on a towel.
15. The person puts the towel in the laundry basket.
16. They take out a bag of laundry from the closet and puts it in the washing machine.
17. They add detergent to the washing machine and starts the cycle.
18. The person puts the laundry basket in the dishwasher and starts the cycle.
"19. The person turns off the kitchen lights and leaves the kitchen."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing a meal in a kitchen. They are using a cutting board and a knife to chop vegetables, and they are also using a pot and a stove to cook the food. The person is wearing a black shirt and they have a beard. The kitchen has wooden cabinets and a wooden floor. The video is filmed from a low angle, giving the viewer a close-up view of the person's hands and the food they are preparing. The video is well-lit and the colors are bright and clear. The person speaks in a calm and friendly tone, making the video enjoyable to watch. Overall, the video is a positive and uplifting experience."

Detailed analysis:

The video is a first-person perspective shot of a person preparing a meal in a kitchen. The person is wearing a black shirt and they have a beard. The kitchen has wooden cabinets and a wooden floor. The video is well-lit and the colors are bright and clear.

The person begins by using a cutting board and a knife to chop vegetables. They then place the vegetables into a pot and turn on the stove to cook them. The person speaks in a calm and friendly tone, making the video enjoyable to watch.

The video is filmed from a low angle, giving the viewer a close-up view of the person's hands and the food they are preparing. The camera angle is steady and the video is well-edited, making it easy to follow along with the person's actions.

The person's movements are deliberate and precise, indicating that they have experience in the kitchen. The video is free of any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content.

"Overall, the video is a positive and uplifting experience. It showcases the person's cooking skills and their ability to prepare a meal in a calm and efficient manner. The video is well-lit and the colors are bright and clear, making it visually appealing to watch. The person's tone is friendly and calming, making the video enjoyable to listen to. The video is a great example of how technology can be used to create engaging and informative content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a person's hands holding a piece of paper. The person then proceeds to pour water from a glass into a sink. The camera then pans out to reveal a kitchen counter with various items on it, including a coffee maker, a toaster, and a bowl of cereal. The person then picks up a spoon and stirs the cereal before taking a bite. The video ends with a shot of the person's hands holding a cup of coffee."

The video does not provide any clear indication of the timeline of events or actions occurring in the video. However, based on the visual content, it appears that the video shows a person preparing and eating breakfast in a kitchen.

Therefore, the timeline of events or actions occurring in the video can be summarized as follows:

1. The person pours water from a glass into a sink.
2. The camera pans out to reveal a kitchen counter with various items on it.
3. The person picks up a spoon and stirs a bowl of cereal.
4. The person takes a bite of the cereal.
5. The person holds a cup of coffee in their hands.

"Overall, the video appears to be a simple and straightforward depiction of a person preparing and eating breakfast in a kitchen. There is no clear indication of any significant or unusual events or actions occurring in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person in a kitchen, cleaning a sink with a sponge and soap. The person is wearing a black shirt and is standing in front of a wooden table with a white countertop. There is a wooden floor in the background, and there are various kitchen appliances and utensils visible in the scene. The person is using a sponge to scrub the sink, and there is a bottle of dish soap nearby. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person in a kitchen, holding a piece of paper and a spoon. The person then pours water from a sink into a bowl, and the camera zooms in to show the water being stirred with the spoon. The person then adds a substance to the water and continues to stir it. The video ends with the person looking at the bowl and the camera panning out to show the kitchen counter and sink."

The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main action occurring at a sink and countertop. The video is filmed from a bird's eye perspective, providing a clear view of the scene. The video is set in the present day, with no obvious indication of a specific time or location. The video is approximately 30 seconds long.

The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature. The video is filmed in a clear and concise manner, with good lighting and sound quality. The video is suitable for all ages and backgrounds.

"Overall, the video is a simple and straightforward demonstration of someone stirring water in a bowl. The video does not contain any significant plot or narrative, but it does provide some visual interest and may be useful for educational or instructional purposes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person washing a glass in a kitchen sink. The person is wearing a black shirt and is standing in front of a wooden table with a white countertop. The person is using a sponge to scrub the glass and then rinses it under running water. The person then dries the glass with a towel and sets it on the countertop. The video also shows a wooden floor and a wooden chair in the background. The person speaks in a calm and clear voice, explaining the steps they are taking to wash the glass. The video is well-lit and the image quality is clear and sharp. The person's movements are smooth and deliberate, and they appear to be focused on the task at hand. Overall, the video is a simple and straightforward demonstration of how to wash a glass in a kitchen sink."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing a dish in the kitchen. The person is washing a bowl and a spoon in the sink, and then drying them with a towel. The person then puts the bowl and spoon on the counter and walks away. The video repeats this sequence several times."

"Therefore, the repeated events or actions in the video are washing and drying dishes in the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The person is holding a piece of paper with a label on it."
2. They are standing in a kitchen with a wooden floor and a stainless steel sink.
3. The person is holding a spoon and a bowl, and they are using the spoon to scoop something out of the bowl.
4. They are then using the spoon to pour the contents of the bowl into the sink.
5. The person is then using their hands to wash the bowl and the spoon in the sink.
6. They are then drying the bowl and the spoon on a towel.
7. The person is then putting the bowl and the spoon away in a cupboard.

"Therefore, the person is cleaning a bowl and a spoon in the kitchen sink."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a person's hands holding a piece of paper with a label on it. The person then places the paper on a wooden table with a sink in the background. The person then takes out a sponge and a bottle of dish soap from the sink and begins to wash the table. The camera then pans out to show the entire room, including a couch, a television, and a window with natural light coming in. The person then puts the sponge and dish soap back in the sink and walks away from the table. The video ends with a shot of the table and the sink."

Therefore, the exact time range of each event or action in the video is as follows:

0:00 - 0:03: The person holds a piece of paper with a label on it.
0:03 - 0:05: The person places the paper on a wooden table.
0:05 - 0:08: The person takes out a sponge and a bottle of dish soap from the sink.
0:08 - 0:11: The person washes the table with the sponge and dish soap.
0:11 - 0:13: The camera pans out to show the entire room.
0:13 - 0:15: The person puts the sponge and dish soap back in the sink.
0:15 - 0:18: The person walks away from the table.

"Therefore, the entire sequence of events or actions in the video takes approximately 18 seconds to complete."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person preparing a dish in the kitchen. They are using a knife to cut something, possibly vegetables, and then they are washing their hands in the sink. The person is wearing a black shirt and has short hair. The kitchen has wooden cabinets and a wooden floor. There is also a table with a white tablecloth and a black chair in the room. The video is filmed from a bird's eye view, giving a clear view of the entire scene. The person is working efficiently and calmly, ensuring that the food is prepared correctly. The video is well-lit and the colors are bright and clear. Overall, the video is positive and shows a person preparing a meal in a clean and organized kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The person is holding a piece of paper with a label on it."
2. They are standing in front of a kitchen sink.
3. The person is using a knife to cut something on the paper.
4. They are holding a glass of water and pouring it into the sink.
5. The person is using a sponge to clean the sink.
6. They are putting the sponge and the piece of paper into a plastic bag.
7. The person is putting the plastic bag into a trash can.
8. They are wiping down the countertop with a cloth.
9. The person is putting the cloth into a laundry basket.
10. They are putting the laundry basket into a washing machine.
11. The person is turning on the washing machine.
12. The person is putting a load of laundry into the washing machine.
13. The person is closing the door of the washing machine.
14. The person is turning on the dishwasher.
15. They are putting dishes into the dishwasher.
16. The person is closing the door of the dishwasher.
17. They are turning on the dishwasher.
18. The person is putting a load of dishes into the dishwasher.
19. The person is turning on the lights in the kitchen.
20. They are turning off the lights in the kitchen.
"21. The person is leaving the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The person is holding a piece of paper with a label on it."
2. They place the paper on a kitchen counter.
3. They pour water from a sink into a bowl.
4. They add a substance to the water and stir it with a spoon.
5. They dip the paper into the water and observe the reaction.
6. They remove the paper from the water and wring it out.
7. They place the paper on a plate and observe the result.
8. They clean up the kitchen counter and sink.

"Additionally, the person mentions that they are making a homemade slime recipe and that they have used borax to make it. They also mention that they have used a lot of water and that they are pleased with the result."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink using a sponge and dish soap. The person is wearing a white shirt and appears to be focused on the task at hand. The video is filmed from a bird's eye view, providing a clear view of the kitchen and the dishes being washed. The video is well-lit and the sound quality is good. Overall, the video is simple and straightforward, and the person appears to be competent and efficient in their task."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink. The person is using a sponge and dish soap to clean the dishes. The video also shows the person rinsing the dishes under running water and then drying them on a towel. The person then puts the dishes away in a cabinet. The video ends with the person turning off the faucet and walking away from the sink."

Timeline:
0:00 - The video begins with a close-up shot of a person's hand washing dishes in a kitchen sink.
0:05 - The person uses a sponge and dish soap to clean the dishes.
0:10 - The person rinses the dishes under running water.
0:15 - The person dries the dishes on a towel.
0:20 - The person puts the dishes away in a cabinet.
0:25 - The person turns off the faucet and walks away from the sink.
"0:30 - The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink. The person is using a sponge and soap to clean the dishes, and there are various utensils and kitchenware visible on the countertop. The person is wearing a white shirt and appears to be focused on the task at hand. The video is filmed from a bird's eye view, providing a clear view of the scene. The lighting in the kitchen is bright, and there is no visible clutter or mess in the area. Overall, the video appears to be a mundane yet necessary task in the daily routine of maintaining a clean and organized kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink. The person is using a sponge and dish soap to clean the dishes. The video also shows the person rinsing the dishes under running water and then placing them in a dish rack to dry. The video is filmed from a bird's eye view, providing a clear view of the kitchen sink and surrounding area. The video is set in a modern kitchen with wooden cabinets and a stainless steel sink. The person wearing a white shirt and black pants is shown washing the dishes with care and attention to detail. The video is filmed in a bright and well-lit environment, with natural light streaming in through a window. The video is set to a calm and soothing background music, adding to the overall peaceful and relaxing atmosphere. The video is a helpful and informative tutorial on how to wash dishes in a kitchen sink."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink. The person is using a sponge and dish soap to clean the dishes. The person is also wearing an apron and appears to be wearing a white shirt. The kitchen counter and sink are visible in the background. The person is standing in front of the sink and appears to be focused on cleaning the dishes. The video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink using a sponge and dish soap. The person is wearing a white shirt and appears to be focused on cleaning the dishes. The video also shows the person rinsing the dishes under running water and placing them in a dish rack to dry. The video repeats this process several times, showing the person washing and rinsing different dishes and utensils. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A person is standing in front of a kitchen sink with dirty dishes."
2. The person picks up a sponge and starts washing the dishes.
3. The person rinses the dishes under running water.
4. The person puts the clean dishes in a drying rack.
5. The person wipes down the sink and countertop with a cloth.
6. The person puts away the cleaning supplies.
"7. The person turns off the faucet and walks away from the sink."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a person washing a frying pan in a kitchen sink. The person is using a sponge to scrub the pan, and there are other kitchen utensils and dishes visible on the countertop. The person is wearing a white shirt and appears to be a man. The video does not provide any additional context or information."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink using a sponge and soap. The person is wearing a white shirt and appears to be focused on cleaning the dishes. The video also shows the person's hands and the sink in the background. The lighting in the video is bright and the overall tone is positive. There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. A person is washing dishes in a kitchen sink."
2. The person is using a sponge to scrub the dishes.
3. The person is rinsing the dishes under running water.
4. The person is drying the dishes on a towel.
5. The person is putting the dishes away in a cabinet.
6. The person is wiping down the countertop with a cloth.
7. The person is putting away the cleaning supplies.
"8. The person is finished cleaning the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A person is washing dishes in a kitchen sink."
2. The person is using a sponge to scrub the dishes.
3. The person is rinsing the dishes under running water.
4. The person is drying the dishes with a towel.
5. The person is putting the dishes away in a cabinet.
6. The person is wiping down the kitchen counter with a cloth.
7. The person is putting away the dishes in a dishwasher.
8. The person is putting away the cleaning supplies in a drawer.
9. The person is turning off the faucet.
10. The person is walking away from the kitchen.

"Therefore, the video shows a person washing and drying dishes in a kitchen sink, putting them away, and cleaning the counter. The video is clear, concise, and free of redundant information."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing a sandwich in a kitchen. The person is using a toaster to toast the bread and then spreading jam on it. The video also shows other kitchen appliances and utensils on the counter. The person is wearing blue shoes and appears to be a child. The video is filmed from a bird's eye view and the lighting is bright. The video is set to upbeat music and there is no dialogue. The video is visually appealing and the person's actions are clear and easy to follow. The video is safe and does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a person's hand reaching for an object on a kitchen counter. The person then proceeds to open a bag of bread and take out a slice. They spread jam on the bread and place it on a plate. The person then takes a knife and cuts the bread into smaller pieces. The video ends with the person taking a bite of the bread."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. Person's hand reaches for an object on a kitchen counter.
2. Person opens a bag of bread and takes out a slice.
3. Person spreads jam on the bread.
4. Person places the bread on a plate.
5. Person takes a knife and cuts the bread into smaller pieces.
"6. Person takes a bite of the bread."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person's hand reaching into a kitchen and taking out various items such as a toaster, bread, and a knife. The person then proceeds to spread jam on a piece of bread. The video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person's hand reaching into a kitchen drawer and taking out various items, including a toaster, bread, and a knife. The person then proceeds to spread jam on a slice of bread and place it in the toaster. The video also shows other objects on the kitchen counter, such as a coffee maker, a kettle, and a plate of food. The person appears to be preparing a meal or snack in the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person's hand reaching into a kitchen drawer and taking out various items, including a knife, a jar of jam, and a piece of bread. The person then spreads the jam on the bread and puts it in a toaster. The video also shows a person's feet on the floor, indicating that they are standing in the kitchen. The person appears to be making a sandwich or toast for themselves. There is no evidence of any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen, specifically making a sandwich and spreading jam on it. The person also mentions that they have been doing this for a long time. Therefore, the repeated events or actions in the video are preparing food and spreading jam on bread."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The person is in a kitchen."
2. They are holding a piece of bread.
3. They are spreading something on the bread.
4. They are putting the bread in a toaster.
5. They are waiting for the bread to toast.
6. They take the toasted bread out of the toaster.
7. They are putting butter on the toasted bread.
8. They are putting jam on the toasted bread.
"9. They are eating the toasted bread with jam."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is seen taking out ingredients from a refrigerator and placing them on a countertop. They then use a toaster to make toast and spread jam on it. The person also uses a knife to cut the toast into smaller pieces. The video ends with the person putting the toast in a bowl and eating it."

Therefore, the sequence of events in the video is as follows:

1. The person opens the refrigerator and takes out ingredients.
2. The person places the ingredients on the countertop.
3. The person uses a toaster to make toast.
4. The person spreads jam on the toast using a knife.
5. The person cuts the toast into smaller pieces.
6. The person puts the toast in a bowl and eats it.

"The exact time range for each event or action is not mentioned in the video."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen, specifically making toast and spreading jam on it. The person also mentions that they have a toaster oven and a toaster, and they are using a knife to spread the jam. The video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The camera shows a kitchen counter with various items on it."
2. A person's hand is seen reaching for a bag of bread.
3. The person takes out a knife and begins to spread butter on a slice of bread.
4. The person adds jam to the bread and takes a bite.
5. The person puts the bread back on the counter and the camera pans out to show the entire kitchen.
"6. The person turns off the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The camera pans over a kitchen counter with various items on it."
2. A person's hand is seen opening a plastic bag.
3. The person takes out a piece of bread and spreads jam on it.
4. The person takes a bite of the bread and puts the bag back on the counter.
5. The camera pans out to show the entire kitchen scene.
6. The person picks up a knife and starts cutting something on the counter.
7. The person puts the knife back in the drawer and walks away from the camera.
8. The camera remains stationary, showing the empty kitchen counter.

"Therefore, the video shows a person making and eating a sandwich in a kitchen."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person's kitchen counter with various items such as food, utensils, and appliances. The person is reaching for an item on the counter. The video also shows a window with sunlight streaming in. The person is wearing a blue shirt and appears to be in a room with white walls and a wooden floor. The video is filmed in a respectful and helpful manner, with no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a person's hand reaching for items on a kitchen counter. The person then opens a cabinet door to reveal a variety of food and kitchen appliances. The person then picks up a coffee maker and places it on the counter. The video ends with the person turning on the coffee maker."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. The person's hand reaches for items on the kitchen counter.
2. The person opens a cabinet door to reveal a variety of food and kitchen appliances.
3. The person picks up a coffee maker and places it on the counter.
"4. The person turns on the coffee maker."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person's kitchen counter with various items such as a toaster, a kettle, and a coffee maker. The person is reaching for something on the counter. The video also shows a window with sunlight coming in. The person is wearing a blue shirt and appears to be in a room with white walls. The video is filmed in a respectful and helpful manner, with no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. The person's actions are socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person's kitchen counter with various items such as a toaster, kettle, and food items. The person is reaching for an item on the counter. The video also shows a window with sunlight streaming in. The person is wearing a blue shirt and appears to be in a residential setting. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person's hand reaching into a kitchen cabinet and pulling out various items, including a blender, a coffee maker, and some food items. The person then places the items on a countertop next to a window. The video does not provide any context or explanation for the actions being performed."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person reaching for items on a kitchen counter, including a blender, a coffee maker, and various food items. The person then proceeds to use the blender to make a smoothie."

Additionally, the person mentions that they have been using the same blender for a long time and that it has become a part of their daily routine. They also mention that they have been using the same blender for a long time and that it has become a part of their daily routine.

"Therefore, the repeated events or actions in the video are the person reaching for items on the kitchen counter and using the blender to make a smoothie."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The camera pans to a kitchen counter with various items on it."
2. A person's hand reaches for a coffee maker on the counter.
3. The person pours coffee into a mug and adds milk and sugar.
4. The person takes a sip of the coffee and sets the mug down on the counter.
5. The camera pans to a window with a view of the outside.
6. The person looks out the window and smiles.
7. The camera pans back to the counter, where the person picks up a piece of fruit and eats it.
8. The person looks at the camera and waves goodbye.
"9. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video does not provide a clear sequence of events or actions with exact time ranges. However, we can see that a person is reaching for items on a kitchen counter, including a blender, a kettle, and some food items. The person also mentions that they are making a smoothie and that they have a lot of things to do."

"Therefore, we can infer that the video shows a person preparing a smoothie in their kitchen. The exact sequence of events or actions is not clear, but we can assume that the person is gathering ingredients and using various kitchen appliances to make the smoothie."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person's kitchen counter with various items such as a toaster, a kettle, and a coffee maker. The person then proceeds to make a cup of coffee using the coffee maker. The video also shows the person's hand reaching for the coffee maker and pressing the button to start brewing the coffee. Additionally, the person mentions that they use a reusable coffee filter and that they have a large collection of coffee beans. The video ends with the person pouring the coffee into a mug and taking a sip."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The video shows a person's hand reaching for items on a kitchen counter."
2. The person opens a cabinet and takes out a blender.
3. The person pours ingredients into the blender.
4. The person turns on the blender and blends the ingredients.
5. The person pours the blended mixture into a glass.
6. The person adds milk to the glass and stirs it with a spoon.
7. The person takes a sip of the drink and smiles.
"8. The video ends with the person looking at the camera and waving goodbye."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The person enters the kitchen and opens the cupboard."
2. They take out a coffee maker and place it on the counter.
3. They put a mug under the coffee maker and add coffee grounds.
4. They fill the water reservoir and turn on the coffee maker.
5. The person pours milk into a separate container.
6. They take out a bowl of cereal and pour it into a bowl.
7. They add milk and sugar to the cereal.
8. The person takes a sip of coffee and enjoys their breakfast.
9. They clean up the kitchen by putting away the coffee maker and other items.
"10. The person exits the kitchen."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are chopping onions and garlic on a cutting board, and then cooking them in a pan on the stove. The person also mentions using a food processor to chop the vegetables. The video ends with the person adding some seasoning to the pan and stirring the food. Overall, the video demonstrates how to cook onions and garlic as a base for a dish."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a person cutting onions on a cutting board in a kitchen. The person then puts the onions in a pan on the stove and starts cooking them. The person adds minced meat to the pan and stirs it with a wooden spoon. The person then adds some spices and stirs the mixture again. The person then adds some water to the pan and covers it with a lid. The person then turns off the stove and removes the pan from the heat. The person then washes the cutting board and puts it away. The video ends with the person cleaning up the kitchen."

Timeline:
0:00 - 0:05: The person cuts onions on a cutting board.
0:05 - 0:10: The person puts the onions in a pan and starts cooking them.
0:10 - 0:15: The person adds minced meat to the pan and stirs it with a wooden spoon.
0:15 - 0:20: The person adds some spices to the pan and stirs the mixture again.
0:20 - 0:25: The person adds some water to the pan and covers it with a lid.
0:25 - 0:30: The person turns off the stove and removes the pan from the heat.
"0:30 - 0:35: The person washes the cutting board and puts it away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are chopping onions and cooking meat in a pan on the stove. The person is wearing gloves and appears to be following a recipe. The kitchen counter is cluttered with various ingredients and utensils. The video is filmed from a first-person perspective, allowing the viewer to see the person's hands as they cook. The video is brightly lit and the colors of the ingredients are vibrant. Overall, the video gives the impression of a home cook preparing a meal for themselves or their family."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is chopping onions on a cutting board and cooking ground beef in a pan on the stove. The kitchen counter is cluttered with various ingredients and utensils. The person is wearing gloves and appears to be cooking for themselves. The video is filmed from a first-person perspective, allowing the viewer to see the person's hands as they chop and cook. The video is set in a modern kitchen with white cabinets and a stainless steel stove. The lighting is bright and the video is shot in high definition. The person speaks in a clear and concise manner, providing instructions for cooking the ground beef. Overall, the video is a simple and straightforward demonstration of cooking a meal in a home kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is chopping onions and garlic on a cutting board, and then cooking them in a pan on the stove. The person is also using a blender to blend some ingredients together. The video also shows the person adding other ingredients, such as minced meat and spices, to the pan. The person is then stirring the food in the pan and adding salt and pepper to taste. The video ends with the person serving the food onto a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person cutting onions on a cutting board in a kitchen. The person then puts the onions in a frying pan and cooks them with some meat. The person also adds some spices and stirs the food in the pan. Finally, the person turns off the stove and removes the pan from the heat. The repeated actions in the video are cutting onions, cooking meat and onions in a pan, and stirring the food."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The person is cutting onions on a cutting board."
2. The person is adding minced meat to a pan on the stove.
3. The person is adding chopped onions to the pan with the minced meat.
4. The person is stirring the onions and meat in the pan.
5. The person is adding a bottle of sauce to the pan.
6. The person is stirring the sauce and meat in the pan.
7. The person is adding a bag of frozen vegetables to the pan.
8. The person is stirring the vegetables and sauce in the pan.
9. The person is adding a can of beans to the pan.
10. The person is stirring the beans, vegetables, and sauce in the pan.
11. The person is turning off the stove and removing the pan from the heat.
12. The person is serving the food onto plates.
"13. The person is eating the food from the plates."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is cutting onions on a cutting board and adding them to a pan on the stove. The person then adds ground beef to the pan and stirs it with a wooden spoon. The person also adds other ingredients, such as garlic and spices, to the pan. The person then turns off the stove and serves the food on a plate."

Here is a more detailed sequence of events:

0:00 - The video starts with a close-up of a cutting board with onions on it.

0:03 - The person starts cutting the onions with a knife.

0:06 - The person adds the chopped onions to a pan on the stove.

0:09 - The person adds ground beef to the pan and stirs it with a wooden spoon.

0:12 - The person adds garlic to the pan and stirs it.

0:15 - The person adds spices to the pan and stirs it.

0:18 - The person turns off the stove and serves the food on a plate.

Therefore, the exact time range for each event or action is as follows:

- Cutting onions: 0:03 - 0:06
- Adding chopped onions to pan: 0:06
- Adding ground beef to pan: 0:06 - 0:09
- Adding garlic to pan: 0:12
- Adding spices to pan: 0:12 - 0:15
- Turning off stove: 0:15 - 0:18
- Serving food on plate: 0:18

"The video does not provide any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. The person is preparing food in a safe and respectful manner. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is chopping onions on a cutting board and adding them to a pan on the stove. They also add minced meat to the pan and stir it around. The person is wearing gloves and appears to be cooking for themselves. The video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The person is cutting onions on a cutting board."
2. The person is adding minced meat to a pan on the stove.
3. The person is adding onions to the pan with the minced meat.
4. The person is stirring the onions and minced meat in the pan.
5. The person is adding a bottle of sauce to the pan.
6. The person is stirring the sauce and minced meat in the pan.
7. The person is adding a bag of frozen vegetables to the pan.
8. The person is stirring the vegetables, sauce, and minced meat in the pan.
9. The person is turning off the stove and removing the pan from the heat.
"10. The person is serving the food onto plates."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The person is preparing food in a kitchen."
2. They are cutting onions on a cutting board.
3. They are adding minced meat to a pan on the stove.
4. They are stirring the meat with a wooden spoon.
5. They are adding chopped onions to the pan.
6. They are adding a bottle of sauce to the pan.
7. They are stirring the ingredients together.
8. They are adding a bag of frozen vegetables to the pan.
9. They are stirring the vegetables into the meat mixture.
10. They are adding a bottle of water to the pan.
11. They are stirring the ingredients together and letting them cook.
12. The person is turning off the stove and removing the pan from the heat.
13. They are serving the food onto plates.
"14. The person is eating the food from the plate."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking minced meat in a pan on a stove. The person stirs the meat with a wooden spoon and adds seasoning. The video also shows the person's hands and feet as they cook the meat. The video is filmed from a bird's eye view, and the person is wearing blue jeans and a white shirt. The kitchen has a blue and white tile floor, and there are various kitchen appliances and utensils visible in the background. The video is set to upbeat music."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking minced meat in a frying pan on a stove. The person stirs the meat with a wooden spoon and adds seasoning to taste. The video also shows the person's hands and feet as they cook the meal. The person then turns off the stove and removes the pan from the heat. The video ends with the person serving the cooked meal on a plate."

Timeline:
0:00 - The person starts cooking minced meat in a frying pan on a stove.
0:05 - The person stirs the meat with a wooden spoon and adds seasoning to taste.
0:10 - The person turns off the stove and removes the pan from the heat.
0:15 - The person serves the cooked meal on a plate.

"Keywords: cooking, minced meat, frying pan, stove, wooden spoon, seasoning, plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person cooking minced meat in a frying pan on a kitchen stove. The person is using a wooden spoon to stir the food and add seasoning. The video also shows the person's hands and feet as they cook, and there are various kitchen utensils and ingredients visible in the background. The person is wearing blue jeans and a white t-shirt, and there is a blue kitchen counter and blue tiles on the wall behind them. The video is filmed from a bird's eye view, and the lighting is bright and well-lit. The person appears to be enjoying the cooking process and is focused on the task at hand. Overall, the video is a positive and uplifting representation of home cooking and everyday life."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking minced meat in a frying pan on a kitchen stove. The person is wearing blue jeans and a black top, and they are using a wooden spoon to stir the meat. The kitchen has a blue and white tile floor, and there are various kitchen utensils and ingredients visible on the countertop. The person is standing in front of the stove, facing the camera, and they are wearing a pair of blue and white sneakers. The video is filmed from a bird's eye view, and the lighting is bright and well-lit. The person is speaking in a clear and articulate voice, and they are providing instructions on how to cook the minced meat. The video is set in a modern and well-equipped kitchen, and the overall atmosphere is calm and peaceful. The video is suitable for all ages and backgrounds, and it is a good example of a simple and straightforward cooking tutorial."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking minced meat in a frying pan on a stove. The person is stirring the meat with a wooden spoon and adding seasonings. The video also shows the person's hands and feet as they cook the meal. The kitchen counter and stove are visible in the background, and there are various kitchen utensils and ingredients nearby. The person is wearing blue jeans and a white shirt. The video is filmed from a first-person perspective, and the lighting is bright and clear. The video is set to upbeat music, and there is no dialogue or narration. The video is visually appealing and easy to follow. Overall, the video is a simple and enjoyable demonstration of cooking minced meat in a frying pan."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking food in a kitchen using a frying pan and a wooden spoon. The person is stirring the food in the pan and adding ingredients to it. The video also shows the person's hands and feet as they cook the food. The person is wearing blue jeans and a white shirt. The kitchen has a blue and white tile floor, a white countertop, and a blue and white backsplash. The video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. A person is cooking food in a kitchen."
2. The person is stirring the food in a pan with a wooden spoon.
3. The person is adding ingredients to the pan, such as meat and vegetables.
4. The person is seasoning the food with salt and pepper.
5. The person is cooking the food on a stove.
6. The person is tasting the food and adjusting the seasoning accordingly.
7. The person is serving the food onto a plate.
8. The person is eating the food.

Keywords: cooking, food, pan, stove, wooden spoon, ingredients, seasoning, salt, pepper, plate, eat.

"Additional context: The video appears to be a first-person perspective of a person cooking and eating food in a kitchen. The person is using a wooden spoon to stir the food in a pan on a stove. The person is adding ingredients to the pan and seasoning the food with salt and pepper. The person is serving the food onto a plate and eating it. The video may be part of a cooking tutorial or a personal vlog. The video may be intended for an audience interested in cooking or food. The video may be suitable for all ages and genders. The video may be suitable for viewers who speak English as a first language. The video may be suitable for viewers who are interested in cooking, food, or home cooking. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for inspiration for new recipes or cooking techniques. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to save time and money by cooking at home instead of eating out or ordering takeout. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to improve their cooking skills or learn new cooking techniques. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to reduce their carbon footprint by cooking at home instead of eating out or ordering takeout. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to reduce their waste by using reusable containers and avoiding single-use plastic. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to save money by cooking at home instead of eating out or ordering takeout. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to improve their health by cooking healthy meals at home instead of eating processed or fast food. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to reduce their stress levels by cooking at home instead of eating out or ordering takeout. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to connect with their family and friends by cooking and sharing meals together. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to learn new cooking techniques from other cultures or cuisines. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to expand their culinary horizons by trying new ingredients or flavors. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to reduce their carbon footprint by cooking with locally sourced ingredients. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to reduce their environmental impact by cooking with renewable energy sources such as solar or wind power. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to reduce their water usage by cooking with water-efficient appliances or methods. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to reduce their food waste by planning meals in advance and using leftovers creatively. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to reduce their food costs by buying ingredients in bulk or using coupons and discounts. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to reduce their food waste by storing food properly and using reusable containers. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to reduce their food waste by composting food scraps and using them to fertilize plants. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to reduce their food waste by donating excess food to local food banks or charities. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to reduce their food waste by using meal planning apps or websites to plan meals in advance and avoid overbuying or overcooking food. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to reduce their food waste by using meal prep techniques such as batch cooking or freezing meals in advance. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to reduce their food waste by using meal delivery services or meal kit subscriptions to receive pre-portioned ingredients and recipes. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to reduce their food waste by using meal planning apps or websites to plan meals in advance and avoid overbuying or overcooking food. The video may be suitable for viewers who are looking for a way to reduce their food waste"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,The video shows a person cooking food in a kitchen. The person is stirring the food in a pan on the stove with a wooden spoon. The food appears to be ground beef or minced meat. The person is wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans. The kitchen has a blue countertop and a blue stove. There are also some bottles and jars on the countertop. The person is standing in front of the stove and looking at the food in the pan. The video does not provide any specific time range for the events or actions shown.,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person cooking minced meat in a frying pan on a stove. The person stirs the meat with a wooden spoon and adds seasoning to it. The video also shows the person's hands and feet as they cook the meal. The person wears blue jeans and a black t-shirt. The kitchen has a blue countertop and a blue stove. The video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The person is cooking minced meat in a frying pan on a stove."
2. The person stirs the meat with a wooden spoon.
3. The person adds a liquid to the pan.
4. The person continues to cook the meat, stirring occasionally.
5. The person turns off the stove and removes the pan from the heat.
6. The person serves the cooked meat on a plate.
"7. The person cleans up the kitchen, including wiping down the stove and countertops."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The person is cooking food in a pan on a stove."
2. They are stirring the food with a wooden spoon.
3. The person is adding ingredients to the pan, such as meat and vegetables.
4. They are seasoning the food with spices and herbs.
5. The person is tasting the food and adjusting the seasoning accordingly.
6. The person is serving the food onto a plate.
7. The person is cleaning up the kitchen, including wiping down the stove and countertops.
8. The person is putting away the cooking utensils and ingredients.
9. The person is turning off the stove and leaving the kitchen.

"Overall, the video shows a person cooking and preparing a meal in their kitchen. The key events include stirring the food, adding ingredients, seasoning the food, tasting the food, cleaning up, and leaving the kitchen."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink using a sponge and soap. The person is wearing a blue shirt and is standing in front of a white tiled wall. The video also shows the person's hands and the dishes they are washing. The video is filmed in a close-up shot, and the lighting is bright. The video is set to upbeat music, and the overall mood is positive and cheerful. The video is well-edited and visually appealing, making it an enjoyable watch."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video begins with a close-up shot of a person's hand holding a piece of bread. The person then places the bread in a toaster and waits for it to toast. Once the bread is toasted, the person removes it from the toaster and places it on a plate. The person then takes a knife and spreads butter on the toasted bread. The video ends with the person taking a bite of the bread and smiling."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. The person holds a piece of bread in their hand.
2. The person places the bread in a toaster.
3. The person waits for the bread to toast.
4. The person removes the toasted bread from the toaster.
5. The person spreads butter on the toasted bread using a knife.
"6. The person takes a bite of the toasted bread and smiles."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink. They are using a sponge and soap to clean the dishes, and there are several plates and bowls visible in the sink. The person is wearing a white shirt and appears to be focused on the task at hand. The kitchen counter is also visible in the background, and there are several appliances and utensils nearby. The overall mood of the video is calm and peaceful."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink using a sponge and soap. The person is wearing a blue shirt and is standing in front of a stainless steel sink with a white countertop behind them. The video also shows a blue and white plate on the countertop, as well as a white and blue dish rack nearby. The person is using a sponge to scrub the dishes, and there is a bottle of dish soap on the countertop next to them. The video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person washing a plate in a kitchen sink. The person is using a sponge to scrub the plate, and there is a bottle of dish soap nearby. The person is wearing a white shirt and appears to be standing in front of a stainless steel sink. The video does not show any other objects or people in the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink using a sponge and soap. The person is seen scrubbing the dishes with the sponge and rinsing them off with water. The video also shows the person using a cloth to dry the dishes. The repeated actions in the video are washing, rinsing, and drying dishes in a kitchen sink."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The person is standing in front of an open refrigerator."
2. They take out a container of butter and place it on the counter.
3. They then take a knife and cut a piece of bread in half.
4. They spread butter on one side of the bread and place it in the toaster.
5. They close the toaster and wait for the bread to toast.
6. Once the bread is done, they take it out of the toaster and place it on a plate.
7. They then take a fork and spread butter on the other side of the bread.
8. They take a bite of the bread and smile.

"Therefore, the person is making toast and spreading butter on it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink. The person is using a sponge to scrub the dishes, and there are several plates and bowls visible in the sink. The person is wearing a blue shirt and appears to be standing in front of a white tiled wall. The video does not provide any audio, but the person's movements and actions are clear."

To provide a more detailed analysis, we can break down the sequence of events in the video as follows:

0:00 - The video begins with a close-up shot of a person's hand holding a sponge and a dishcloth.

0:03 - The person begins washing the dishes in the sink, starting with a plate and then moving on to a bowl.

0:06 - The person uses the sponge to scrub the dishes, and we can see water and soap suds in the sink.

0:09 - The person moves on to another dish and continues washing it in the sink.

0:12 - The person rinses the dish under running water and then places it on a drying rack.

0:15 - The person moves on to the next dish and repeats the process of washing, scrubbing, rinsing, and drying.

0:18 - The video ends with a close-up shot of the person's hand holding a clean dishcloth.

"Overall, the video shows a simple and mundane task of washing dishes in a kitchen sink, but it is an essential and necessary activity for maintaining a clean and hygienic home."",0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink using a sponge and soap. The person is wearing a white shirt and blue jeans. The kitchen has a stainless steel sink, a white countertop, and a blue and white tile floor. The person is using a sponge to scrub the dishes and rinse them off with water. The video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The person is standing in front of an open refrigerator."
2. They take out a container of butter.
3. They place the butter on a blue plate.
4. They take out a knife and cut the butter into slices.
5. They put the slices of butter on a plate.
6. They take out a piece of bread from the refrigerator.
7. They put the bread on a plate.
8. They place the plate with the butter and bread on the counter.
9. They take out a knife and spread the butter on the bread.
10. They put the plate with the bread and butter back in the refrigerator.
11. They wash their hands in the sink.
12. They turn off the kitchen faucet.
13. They put the plate with the bread and butter on the counter.
14. They take a bite of the bread with butter.
15. They put the plate back in the refrigerator.
16. They turn on the kitchen faucet to wash their hands.
17. They turn off the kitchen faucet.
18. They put the plate with the bread and butter back on the counter.
19. They take another bite of the bread with butter.
"20. The video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The person is in a kitchen and opens the refrigerator."
2. They take out a container of butter and place it on the counter.
3. They use a knife to cut the butter into small pieces.
4. They put the butter into a bowl and add some water.
5. They use their hands to mix the butter and water together.
6. They put the mixture into a pan and heat it up on the stove.
7. They add some flour to the pan and mix it with the butter and water.
8. They use a spatula to stir the mixture constantly.
9. They add some milk to the pan and continue stirring.
10. The mixture thickens and turns into a dough.
11. They take the dough out of the pan and put it on a floured surface.
12. They use their hands to knead the dough until it becomes smooth and elastic.
13. They roll out the dough and use it to make bread.
14. They put the bread in the oven and bake it until it is golden brown.
15. They take the bread out of the oven and let it cool down.
16. They put the bread on a plate and serve it with butter.

"Therefore, the video shows a person making bread from scratch using butter, water, flour, and milk. The key events include opening the refrigerator, cutting the butter, mixing the butter and water, heating the mixture on the stove, adding flour and milk, kneading the dough, rolling it out, baking it in the oven, and serving it with butter."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are using a lemon to zest it and then grating it into a bowl. They also mention that they are using a microplane to do this. The person then mentions that they are going to make a lemon curd and that they will be using the zest and juice of the lemon for that. They also mention that they will be using a double boiler to make the curd. The video ends with the person putting the lemon curd into a jar and storing it in the fridge."

The video is about making lemon curd using a microplane to zest and juice a lemon. The person mentions that they will be using a double boiler to make the curd and that they will store it in a jar in the fridge.

The video is about making lemon curd using a microplane to zest and juice a lemon. The person mentions that they will be using a double boiler to make the curd and that they will store it in a jar in the fridge.

The video is about making lemon curd using a microplane to zest and juice a lemon. The person mentions that they will be using a double boiler to make the curd and that they will store it in a jar in the fridge.

The video is about making lemon curd using a microplane to zest and juice a lemon. The person mentions that they will be using a double boiler to make the curd and that they will store it in a jar in the fridge.

The video is about making lemon curd using a microplane to zest and juice a lemon. The person mentions that they will be using a double boiler to make the curd and that they will store it in a jar in the fridge.

The video is about making lemon curd using a microplane to zest and juice a lemon. The person mentions that they will be using a double boiler to make the curd and that they will store it in a jar in the fridge.

The video is about making lemon curd using a microplane to zest and juice a lemon. The person mentions that they will be using a double boiler to make the curd and that they will store it in a jar in the fridge.

The video is about making lemon curd using a microplane to zest and juice a lemon. The person mentions that they will be using a double boiler to make the curd and that they will store it in a jar in the fridge.

The video is about making lemon curd using a microplane to zest and juice a lemon. The person mentions that they will be using a double boiler to make the curd and that they will store it in a jar in the fridge.

The video is about making lemon curd using a microplane to zest and juice a lemon. The person mentions that they will be using a double boiler to make the curd and that they will store it in a jar in the fridge.

The video is about making lemon curd using a microplane to zest and juice a lemon. The person mentions that they will be using a double boiler to make the curd and that they will store it in a jar in the fridge.

The video is about making lemon curd using a microplane to zest and juice a lemon. The person mentions that they will be using a double boiler to make the curd and that they will store it in a jar in the fridge.

The video is about making lemon curd using a microplane to zest and juice a lemon. The person mentions that they will be using a double boiler to make the curd and that they will store it in a jar in the fridge.

The video is about making lemon curd using a microplane to zest and juice a lemon. The person mentions that they will be using a double boiler to make the curd and that they will store it in a jar in the fridge.

The video is about making lemon curd using a microplane to zest and juice a lemon. The person mentions that they will be using a double boiler to make the curd and that they will store it in a jar in the fridge.

The video is about making lemon curd using a microplane to zest and juice a lemon. The person mentions that they will be using a double boiler to make the curd and that they will store it in a jar in the fridge.

"The video is about making lemon curd using a microplane to zest and juice a lemon. The person mentions that they will be using a double boiler to make the curd and that they will"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a person's hand holding a lemon on a kitchen counter. The person then cuts the lemon in half using a knife. Next, the person squeezes the lemon juice into a bowl using a citrus juicer. The video ends with the person putting the lemon rinds into a plastic container and placing it in the refrigerator."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. The person holds a lemon on a kitchen counter.
2. The person cuts the lemon in half using a knife.
3. The person squeezes the lemon juice into a bowl using a citrus juicer.
4. The person puts the lemon rinds into a plastic container.
5. The person places the plastic container in the refrigerator.

"Overall, the video shows a person preparing lemon juice for use in cooking or baking."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are using a lemon to zest it and then placing the zest in a bowl. They are also using a knife to cut up some vegetables and placing them in a pan on the stove. The person is wearing a pink shirt and has long hair. The kitchen has white cabinets and a tiled floor. There are various kitchen appliances and utensils visible in the background. The video is filmed in a close-up shot, allowing the viewer to see the details of the food preparation. The person is working efficiently and methodically, demonstrating good kitchen skills. The overall atmosphere of the video is calm and peaceful."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are cutting lemons on a cutting board and placing them in a bowl. The person then uses a grater to zest the lemons and adds the zest to the bowl. They also mention that they have used a microplane grater for this task. The video ends with the person putting the bowl of lemons in the refrigerator."

The video takes place in a modern kitchen with white cabinets and a stainless steel refrigerator. The person is wearing a pink shirt and black pants. The video is shot in a close-up perspective, focusing on the cutting board and the person's hands. The lighting is bright, and the camera angle is steady.

"The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature. The video is 1 minute and 27 seconds long."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is using a knife to cut a lemon and place it in a bowl. They then use a grater to zest the lemon and add it to the bowl. The person also mentions using a zester, but it is not shown in the video. The video does not show any other actions or events."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a person cutting a lemon on a cutting board in a kitchen. The person is using a knife to cut the lemon into slices. The person then places the slices into a bowl. The person also mentions that they are making a lemonade. The video does not show any other repeated events or actions.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The person is holding a lemon and a knife on a kitchen counter."
2. They are cutting the lemon in half.
3. They are placing the lemon halves in a bowl.
4. They are squeezing the lemon juice into the bowl using a citrus juicer.
5. They are adding sugar to the bowl and stirring it with a spoon.
6. They are tasting the mixture and adding more sugar if needed.
7. They are pouring the mixture into a glass and adding water.
8. They are stirring the mixture with a spoon and tasting it.
9. They are satisfied with the taste and put the glass aside.
10. They are cleaning the kitchen counter and putting the lemon halves and the knife back in the drawer.

"Therefore, the person is making lemonade in the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is cutting a lemon with a knife and placing it in a bowl. The person then washes their hands in the sink and dries them on a towel. The person then puts the lemon in a pot and adds water. The person then turns on the stove and waits for the water to boil. The person then adds a piece of ginger to the pot and stirs it with a spoon. The person then adds a piece of butter to the pot and stirs it until it melts. The person then adds a piece of cheese to the pot and stirs it until it melts. The person then adds a piece of bread to the pot and stirs it until it soaks up the liquid. The person then turns off the stove and removes the pot from the stove. The person then pours the mixture into a bowl and serves it. The person then cleans up the kitchen by putting the dishes in the dishwasher and wiping down the countertop. The video ends with the person smiling and enjoying their meal."

The exact time range for each event or action is not provided in the video, but the sequence of events suggests that the video lasts for approximately 5 minutes.

Here is a more detailed breakdown of the events in the video:

0:00 - 0:05: The video starts with a close-up shot of a lemon on a cutting board. The person picks up the lemon with their left hand and cuts it in half with a knife.

0:06 - 0:10: The person places the lemon halves in a bowl and washes their hands in the sink.

0:11 - 0:15: The person dries their hands on a towel and puts the lemon in a pot on the stove.

0:16 - 0:20: The person turns on the stove and adds water to the pot.

0:21 - 0:25: The person adds a piece of ginger to the pot and stirs it with a spoon.

0:26 - 0:30: The person adds a piece of butter to the pot and stirs it until it melts.

0:31 - 0:35: The person adds a piece of cheese to the pot and stirs it until it melts.

0:36 - 0:40: The person adds a piece of bread to the pot and stirs it until it soaks up the liquid.

0:41 - 0:45: The person turns off the stove and removes the pot from the stove.

0:46 - 0:50: The person pours the mixture into a bowl and serves it.

0:51 - 0:55: The person cleans up the kitchen by putting the dishes in the dishwasher and wiping down the countertop.

"0:56 - 0:60: The video ends with the person smiling and enjoying their meal."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are using a lemon and a knife to cut it into small pieces. The person then puts the lemon pieces into a bowl and sets it aside. The video also shows other kitchen utensils and appliances, such as a cutting board, a sink, and a refrigerator. The person appears to be making a dish, but the exact recipe or ingredients are not mentioned. The video is filmed in a clean and organized kitchen, with good lighting and clear audio. The person speaks in a friendly and conversational tone, making the video engaging and enjoyable to watch. Overall, the video is a positive and uplifting representation of home cooking and food preparation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The person is holding a lemon and a knife on a kitchen counter."
2. The person cuts the lemon in half with the knife.
3. The person squeezes the lemon juice into a bowl.
4. The person puts the lemon halves into a plastic container.
5. The person puts the plastic container into a refrigerator.
6. The person washes their hands in the kitchen sink.
7. The person puts a dishcloth on the kitchen counter.
8. The person puts a plate with food on the kitchen counter.
9. The person puts a glass of water on the kitchen counter.
10. The person puts a knife on the kitchen counter.
11. The person puts a cutting board on the kitchen counter.
12. The person puts a lemon on the cutting board.
13. The person cuts the lemon in half with the knife.
14. The person squeezes the lemon juice into a bowl.
15. The person puts the lemon halves into a plastic container.
16. The person puts the plastic container into a refrigerator.
17. The person washes their hands in the kitchen sink.
18. The person puts a dishcloth on the kitchen counter.
19. The person puts a plate with food on the kitchen counter.
20. The person puts a glass of water on the kitchen counter.
21. The person puts a knife on the kitchen counter.
22. The person puts a cutting board on the kitchen counter.
23. The person puts a lemon on the cutting board.
24. The person cuts the lemon in half with the knife.
25. The person squeezes the lemon juice into a bowl.
26. The person puts the lemon halves into a plastic container.
27. The person puts the plastic container into a refrigerator.
28. The person washes their hands in the kitchen sink.
29. The person puts a dishcloth on the kitchen counter.
30. The person puts a plate with food on the kitchen counter.
31. The person puts a glass of water on the kitchen counter.
32. The person puts a knife on the kitchen counter.
33. The person puts a cutting board on the kitchen counter.
34. The person puts a lemon on the cutting board.
35. The person cuts the lemon in half with the knife.
36. The person squeezes the lemon juice into a bowl.
37. The person puts the lemon halves into a plastic container.
38. The person puts the plastic container into a refrigerator.
39. The person washes their hands in the kitchen sink.
40. The person puts a dishcloth on the kitchen counter.
41. The person puts a plate with food on the kitchen counter.
42. The person puts a glass of water on the kitchen counter.
43. The person puts a knife on the kitchen counter.
44. The person puts a cutting board on the kitchen counter.
45. The person puts a lemon on the cutting board.
46. The person cuts the lemon in half with the knife.
47. The person squeezes the lemon juice into a bowl.
48. The person puts the lemon halves into a plastic container.
49. The person puts the plastic container into a refrigerator.
50. The person washes their hands in the kitchen sink.
51. The person puts a dishcloth on the kitchen counter.
52. The person puts a plate with food on the kitchen counter.
53. The person puts a glass of water on the kitchen counter.
54. The person puts a knife on the kitchen counter.
55. The person puts a cutting board on the kitchen counter.
56. The person puts a lemon on the cutting board.
57. The person cuts the lemon in half with the knife.
58. The person squeezes the lemon juice into a bowl.
59. The person puts the lemon halves into a plastic container.
60. The person puts the plastic container into a refrigerator.
61. The person washes their hands in the kitchen sink.
62. The person puts a dishcloth on the kitchen counter.
63. The person puts a plate with food on the kitchen counter.
64. The person puts a glass of water on the kitchen counter.
65. The person puts a knife on the kitchen counter.
66. The person puts a cutting board on the kitchen counter.
67. The person puts a lemon on the cutting board.
"68. The person cuts the lemon in half with the"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The person is holding a lemon and a knife on a kitchen counter."
2. They place the lemon on a cutting board and cut it in half.
3. They squeeze the juice from the lemon into a bowl.
4. They take a piece of butter and grate it onto the lemon juice.
5. They mix the butter and lemon juice together.
6. They use a spoon to scoop the mixture onto a piece of bread.
7. They place the bread in a toaster and toast it.
8. They remove the toasted bread from the toaster and spread the butter and lemon mixture on it.
"9. They take a bite of the bread and enjoy the taste."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a person making scrambled eggs in a kitchen using a frying pan and a spatula. The person cracks an egg into the pan and stirs it with the spatula until it is cooked. The person then adds milk to the pan and continues to stir the eggs until they are fully cooked. The person then removes the pan from the stove and serves the scrambled eggs on a plate. The video also shows the person cleaning up the kitchen by wiping down the countertop and putting away the cooking utensils.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a person's hand holding a spoon and stirring a yellow liquid in a pot on a stove. The person then pours the liquid into a glass container and sets it aside. The video then shows the person cleaning up the kitchen counter and stove, and the video ends with a shot of the person's hand holding a piece of toast."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. The person stirs a yellow liquid in a pot on a stove.
2. The person pours the liquid into a glass container.
3. The person cleans up the kitchen counter and stove.
4. The person holds a piece of toast.

"Therefore, the video is about making and consuming a yellow liquid, possibly an egg dish, and cleaning up the kitchen afterwards."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are using a bowl to mix ingredients, including eggs, and then pouring the mixture into a pan on the stove. The person is wearing gloves and appears to be making a breakfast dish. The kitchen counter is cluttered with various items, including utensils, dishes, and food packaging. The background music is upbeat and cheerful. The video is well-lit and the camera angle provides a clear view of the person's actions. Overall, the video appears to be a positive and friendly representation of cooking in a home kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person making scrambled eggs in a kitchen. The person cracks an egg into a bowl, adds milk and salt, and then pours the mixture into a pan on the stove. The person stirs the eggs with a spoon and cooks them until they are fully set. The video also shows the person cleaning up the kitchen by wiping down the counter and putting away the ingredients. The video is filmed in a close-up perspective, and the lighting is bright and even. The video is visually appealing and easy to follow. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the kitchen and the act of making scrambled eggs."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a person making scrambled eggs in a kitchen. The person cracks an egg into a bowl and beats it with a fork. They then pour the egg mixture into a pan on the stove and stir it with a spatula. The person adds salt and pepper to taste and serves the scrambled eggs on a plate. The video also shows the person cleaning up the kitchen by wiping down the countertop and putting away the dishes.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person pouring a yellow liquid from a bowl into a pan on a stove. The person then stirs the liquid with a spoon and adds more liquid to the pan. The person continues to stir the mixture until it thickens and turns into a solid substance. The person then removes the pan from the stove and pours the solid substance onto a plate. The person then uses a spatula to spread the substance evenly on the plate. The person then adds more liquid to the pan and repeats the process."

Therefore, the repeated events or actions in the video are:

1. Pouring a yellow liquid from a bowl into a pan on a stove.
2. Stirring the liquid with a spoon.
3. Adding more liquid to the pan.
4. Removing the pan from the stove.
5. Pouring the solid substance onto a plate.
6. Spreading the substance evenly on the plate.
"7. Repeating the process."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a person making scrambled eggs in a kitchen. The person cracks an egg into a bowl, beats it with a fork, and then pours it into a pan on the stove. The person stirs the eggs with a spatula until they are cooked. The person then removes the pan from the stove and pours the scrambled eggs onto a plate. The person adds salt and pepper to taste and serves the eggs."

The person also mentions that they used a non-stick pan and that they cooked the eggs on medium heat. The video ends with the person cleaning up the kitchen by wiping down the countertop and putting away the dishes.

Therefore, the sequence of events in the video is as follows:

1. The person cracks an egg into a bowl.
2. The person beats the egg with a fork.
3. The person pours the egg into a pan on the stove.
4. The person stirs the eggs with a spatula until they are cooked.
5. The person removes the pan from the stove and pours the scrambled eggs onto a plate.
6. The person adds salt and pepper to taste.
"7. The person cleans up the kitchen by wiping down the countertop and putting away the dishes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a person making scrambled eggs in a kitchen. The person cracks an egg into a bowl, adds milk and salt, and then pours the mixture into a pan on the stove. The person stirs the eggs with a spatula until they are cooked through. The video ends with the person removing the pan from the stove and serving the scrambled eggs on a plate."

Therefore, the sequence of events in the video is as follows:

1. The person cracks an egg into a bowl.
2. The person adds milk and salt to the bowl.
3. The person pours the mixture into a pan on the stove.
4. The person stirs the eggs with a spatula until they are cooked through.
5. The person removes the pan from the stove and serves the scrambled eggs on a plate.

"The video does not provide any information about the time range in which each event or action happens."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person making scrambled eggs in a kitchen. They crack an egg into a bowl, add milk and whisk it together. They then pour the mixture into a pan on the stove and stir it until it is cooked. The person then serves the scrambled eggs on a plate."

"There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The person is respectful and honest in their actions and answers. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The video shows a person's hand holding a spoon and stirring a yellow substance in a pot on a stove."
2. The person pours the yellow substance into a glass container.
3. The person adds a white substance to the yellow substance in the container and stirs it with a spoon.
4. The person pours the mixture into a baking dish and places it in the oven.
5. The person removes the baking dish from the oven and pours the mixture into a bowl.
6. The person adds a yellow substance to the mixture in the bowl and stirs it with a spoon.
7. The person pours the mixture into a glass container and adds a white substance to it.
8. The person stirs the mixture with a spoon and pours it into a baking dish.
9. The person places the baking dish in the oven and sets the timer for 15 minutes.
"10. The video ends with the person removing the baking dish from the oven and pouring the mixture into a bowl."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A person is holding a bowl of scrambled eggs on a kitchen counter."
2. The person pours the eggs into a frying pan on the stove.
3. The person stirs the eggs in the pan with a spatula.
4. The person removes the pan from the stove and pours the eggs onto a plate.
5. The person wipes the counter with a paper towel.
6. The person pours orange juice into a glass and adds a slice of orange to it.
7. The person pours the orange juice into a blender and adds ice cubes.
8. The person turns on the blender and blends the orange juice and ice cubes.
9. The person pours the blended orange juice into a glass and adds a straw.
10. The person takes a bite of the scrambled eggs and drinks the orange juice.
11. The person cleans up the kitchen counter and puts away the dishes.
12. The person turns off the stove and turns off the blender.
13. The person washes the frying pan and puts it away.
"14. The person turns off the lights in the kitchen and leaves the room."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person opening the refrigerator and taking out food items. The person then puts the food items on the counter and starts cooking. The video also shows the person using a knife and a cutting board to prepare the food. The video ends with the person eating the food."

The video is about a person preparing and eating food in a kitchen. The person is seen opening the refrigerator and taking out food items, such as vegetables and meat. The person then puts the food items on the counter and starts cooking. The video shows the person using a knife and a cutting board to prepare the food. The video ends with the person eating the food.

The video is in black and white and is shot from a first-person perspective. The video is silent, and there is no dialogue or music. The video is filmed in a kitchen, and the person is seen preparing and eating food. The video is well-lit, and the camera angles are clear and easy to follow.

The video is suitable for all ages and is appropriate for viewers of all backgrounds and cultures. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature.

"The video is a good example of a simple and straightforward video that showcases a person preparing and eating food in a kitchen. The video is well-produced and is easy to follow. The video is a good choice for viewers who are interested in cooking or food preparation. The video is also suitable for viewers who are looking for a short and entertaining video to watch."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a person opening the refrigerator door and taking out a plate of food. The person then puts the plate in the microwave and sets the timer. After the food is cooked, the person takes it out of the microwave and puts it on the table. The video ends with the person eating the food."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. Opening the refrigerator door and taking out a plate of food.
2. Putting the plate in the microwave and setting the timer.
3. Waiting for the food to be cooked.
4. Taking the plate out of the microwave.
5. Putting the plate on the table.
6. Eating the food.

"Additionally, the video shows the person's hand and fingers throughout the video, and there is a brief shot of a kitchen counter with various kitchen appliances and utensils. The video also shows the person's face and body from a first-person perspective."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person entering a kitchen and opening the refrigerator to take out food. The person then puts the food on the counter and starts cooking. The kitchen is well-lit and clean, with various appliances and utensils visible. The person appears to be preparing a meal for themselves, and the video ends with the person sitting down to eat. Overall, the video conveys a sense of home and comfort."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person's perspective as they walk through a kitchen and open the refrigerator to take out food. The kitchen has a blue and white color scheme, and there are various kitchen appliances and utensils visible on the countertops. The person appears to be wearing a white shirt and blue jeans, and they are holding a plate with food on it. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a person opening the refrigerator door and taking out a plate of food. The person then closes the refrigerator door and walks away from the camera. There is no other significant action or event in the video.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person opening and closing the refrigerator door several times."

Explain the context of the video.

The video appears to be taken from a first-person perspective, showing a person walking into a kitchen and opening the refrigerator door to retrieve food. The person then closes the door and repeats the process several times. It is unclear why the person is opening and closing the refrigerator door so frequently, but it may be due to a lack of organization or a desire to find a specific item.

Provide a summary of the video.

The video shows a person opening and closing the refrigerator door several times in a kitchen. It is unclear why the person is doing this, but it may be due to a lack of organization or a desire to find a specific item.

Identify any potential hazards or risks in the video.

There do not appear to be any hazards or risks in the video, as the person is simply opening and closing the refrigerator door. However, it is important to note that leaving food out in the open can lead to contamination and spoilage, so it is generally recommended to store food in the refrigerator or other cool place to preserve its freshness and prevent bacterial growth.

Provide a conclusion or recommendation based on the video.

"The video shows a person opening and closing the refrigerator door several times in a kitchen. While there do not appear to be any hazards or risks in the video, it is important to note that leaving food out in the open can lead to contamination and spoilage, so it is generally recommended to store food in the refrigerator or other cool place to preserve its freshness and prevent bacterial growth. Additionally, the video may suggest that the person is disorganized or having difficulty finding a specific item in the refrigerator. To avoid this issue, it may be helpful to organize the refrigerator contents by type or location, using clear labels or containers to make it easier to find and access the food."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The camera is moving towards a kitchen."
2. The person is opening the refrigerator door.
3. The person is taking out a plate of food from the refrigerator.
4. The person is putting the plate of food on the kitchen counter.
5. The person is closing the refrigerator door.
6. The person is looking at the plate of food on the kitchen counter.
7. The person is picking up a fork and knife from the kitchen drawer.
8. The person is eating the food on the plate using the fork and knife.
9. The person is putting the plate and utensils back in the kitchen.
10. The person is closing the kitchen drawer.
11. The person is looking around the kitchen.
12. The person is walking away from the kitchen.
"13. The camera is following the person as they leave the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,The video shows a person opening the refrigerator door and taking out a plate of food. The person then puts the plate back into the refrigerator and closes the door. The video does not provide any additional information about the time range of these events.,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person entering a kitchen and opening the refrigerator to take out food. The person then puts the food on the counter and closes the refrigerator. The video also shows the person looking around the kitchen and touching various objects. The kitchen has a blue and white color scheme, and there are several appliances and utensils visible. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The camera shows a person's hand reaching into a refrigerator."
2. The person takes out a plate of food.
3. The person puts the plate on the counter.
4. The person opens a cabinet and takes out a knife.
5. The person cuts the food on the plate.
6. The person puts the knife back in the cabinet.
7. The person takes a bite of the food.
8. The person puts the plate back in the refrigerator.
9. The person closes the refrigerator door.
"10. The camera shows the person walking away from the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The camera is inside a kitchen, showing a refrigerator and a countertop with dishes and utensils."
2. A person's hand reaches into the refrigerator and takes out a plate of food.
3. The person puts the plate on the countertop and opens the dishwasher.
4. The person puts the dirty dishes into the dishwasher and closes it.
5. The person turns on the dishwasher and walks away.
6. The camera shows the dishwasher running and the dishes being cleaned.
7. The person comes back into the kitchen and takes the clean dishes out of the dishwasher.
8. The person puts the clean dishes away and closes the dishwasher.
"9. The camera shows the empty dishwasher and the clean kitchen."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen, specifically making meatballs. The person is using various ingredients such as eggs, breadcrumbs, and minced meat. They are also using a food processor to mix the ingredients together. The video also shows the person adding water to the mixture and cooking the meatballs in a pan on the stove. The video ends with the person serving the meatballs on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a person's hand reaching into a kitchen drawer to grab a measuring spoon. The person then proceeds to crack an egg into a bowl and whisk it with a fork. They add some flour to the bowl and mix it in with the egg. The person then adds some milk to the mixture and stirs it together. They then pour the mixture into a frying pan and cook it on the stove. The video ends with the person flipping the pancakes over to cook the other side."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. Person reaches into kitchen drawer to grab a measuring spoon.
2. Person cracks an egg into a bowl and whisk it with a fork.
3. Person adds some flour to the bowl and mixes it in with the egg.
4. Person adds some milk to the mixture and stirs it together.
5. Person pours the mixture into a frying pan and cooks it on the stove.
6. Person flips the pancakes over to cook the other side.

"Overall, the video shows a person making pancakes in their kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are using various ingredients, including eggs, and are cooking them in a pan on the stove. The person is also using a blender to mix the ingredients together. The video is filmed in a close-up shot, allowing the viewer to see the details of the food preparation process. The person is wearing a white shirt and appears to be in a hurry to finish cooking the food. The kitchen is well-lit and appears to be clean and organized. The video is set to upbeat music, creating a positive and energetic atmosphere. Overall, the video is a simple and straightforward depiction of someone cooking food in their kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is using various kitchen appliances, including a blender, a food processor, and a microwave oven. The person is also using different ingredients, such as eggs, milk, and flour. The video also shows the person cracking an egg into a bowl and whisking it with a fork. The person is wearing a white shirt and appears to be in a hurry. The kitchen is well-lit and has a modern design. The video is filmed in a close-up shot, allowing the viewer to see the details of the food preparation process. Overall, the video conveys a sense of efficiency and productivity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is using a blender to blend ingredients, including eggs, in a bowl. The person then pours the mixture into a pan and cooks it on the stove. The video also shows the person using a knife to chop vegetables and a spatula to stir the mixture in the pan. The person then removes the pan from the stove and sets it aside. The video ends with the person cleaning up the kitchen."

Here is a more detailed breakdown of the events in the video:

0:00 - The video starts with a close-up shot of a person's hand holding a bowl of eggs.

0:03 - The person starts blending the eggs in the bowl using a blender.

0:06 - The person adds other ingredients to the blender, including milk, flour, and sugar.

0:10 - The person pours the mixture from the blender into a pan on the stove.

0:13 - The person uses a spatula to stir the mixture in the pan.

0:16 - The person removes the pan from the stove and sets it aside.

0:18 - The video ends with the person cleaning up the kitchen.

"Overall, the video shows a person preparing a simple dish using a blender and a pan on the stove. The person follows a recipe and carefully measures and mixes the ingredients to create a smooth batter. The video also shows the person using common kitchen tools, such as a blender, spatula, and knife, to prepare and cook the dish."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is using various kitchen appliances, such as a blender and a food processor, to prepare the food. The person is also using different ingredients, such as eggs, milk, and flour, to make the food. The person is also using a knife to chop vegetables and a spatula to mix the ingredients together. The person is also using a cutting board and a wooden spoon to cook the food. The person is also using a measuring cup and a measuring spoon to measure out the ingredients. The person is also using a mixing bowl and a baking dish to store the food. The person is also using a refrigerator and a freezer to store the food. The person is also using a microwave oven to heat up the food. The person is also using a toaster oven to toast bread. The person is also using a dishwasher to clean the kitchen appliances and utensils. The person is also using a kitchen sink to wash the dishes. The person is also using a kitchen counter to prepare the food. The person is also using a kitchen faucet to wash the dishes. The person is also using a kitchen towel to dry the dishes. The person is also using a kitchen knife to cut the vegetables. The person is also using a kitchen spoon to mix the ingredients together. The person is also using a kitchen fork to mix the ingredients together. The person is also using a kitchen whisk to mix the ingredients together. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen thermometer to check the temperature of the food. The person is also using a kitchen scale to measure the weight of the ingredients. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process. The person is also using a kitchen timer to time the cooking process."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is holding a raw egg in their hand and placing it into a bowl. They then crack the egg open and whisk it with a fork. The person adds some ingredients to the bowl, including flour, baking powder, and sugar. They mix the ingredients together and then add some milk to the mixture. The person then pours the mixture into a pan and cooks it on the stove. The video ends with the person removing the pan from the stove and placing it on the counter."

Here is a more detailed description of the events in the video:

The video begins with a close-up shot of a raw egg in someone's hand. The person then places the egg into a bowl and cracks it open with a fork. They whisk the egg with the fork to combine the yolk and white.

Next, the person adds some dry ingredients to the bowl, including flour, baking powder, and sugar. They mix the ingredients together with a fork.

The person then adds some milk to the mixture and stirs it with the fork to combine the ingredients.

The person then pours the mixture into a pan and heats it on the stove. The video ends with the person removing the pan from the stove and placing it on the counter.

"Overall, the video shows someone preparing a simple batter for pancakes or waffles. The person uses a raw egg as the base for the batter and adds some dry ingredients and milk to create a smooth, consistent mixture. The video does not show the person cooking the pancakes or waffles, but it does provide a clear sequence of events leading up to the cooking process."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is seen taking eggs from the refrigerator and cracking them into a bowl. They then add some ingredients, such as flour and water, to the bowl and mix them together. The person then puts the mixture into a pan and cooks it on the stove. Finally, the person takes the cooked food out of the pan and puts it on a plate."

The exact time range of each event or action is not mentioned in the video, but it appears that the person is preparing breakfast or lunch. The video also shows some other items in the kitchen, such as a cutting board, a knife, and a bottle of olive oil.

"Overall, the video is helpful, respectful, and honest, as it provides clear instructions on how to prepare food in a kitchen. It is also socially unbiased and positive in nature, as it does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are using various ingredients, including eggs, and are placing them in a pan on the stove. The person is also using a blender to mix the ingredients together. The video ends with the person turning off the stove and removing the pan from the heat."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The person is in a kitchen, holding a bowl of raw eggs."
2. They crack open an egg and separate the yolk from the white.
3. They whisk the yolk in a bowl with a fork.
4. They add a pinch of salt and pepper to the yolk.
5. They beat the yolk until it becomes pale and thick.
6. They add the beaten yolk to a mixture of flour, sugar, and baking powder.
7. They mix the ingredients together until they form a batter.
8. They scoop the batter into a frying pan and cook it until it turns golden brown.
9. They remove the cooked pancakes from the pan and serve them on a plate.
"10. The person takes a bite of the pancake and expresses satisfaction with the result."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The person is in the kitchen, holding a bowl of eggs."
2. They crack open an egg and separate the yolk from the white.
3. They whisk the yolk in a bowl with a fork.
4. They add a pinch of salt and pepper to the yolk.
5. They beat the egg whites in a separate bowl until they form stiff peaks.
6. They fold the egg whites into the yolk mixture.
7. They scoop the mixture into a pan and cook it on the stove.
8. They flip the pancake over to cook the other side.
9. They serve the pancake on a plate.

"Therefore, the person is making a pancake using eggs."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person making dough in a kitchen, using a rolling pin to shape it into a flat surface. The person then places the dough on a baking sheet and adds toppings, such as cheese and sauce, before baking it in the oven. The video also shows the person using a knife to cut the dough into pieces and placing them in a pan. The person then adds seasoning and cooks the dish on the stove. The video ends with the person serving the dish on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a person preparing dough in a kitchen. They roll out the dough and place it on a baking sheet. The person then adds barbecue sauce and meat to the dough, and rolls it up into a log shape. They place the log in a baking dish and cover it with foil. The person then puts the dish in the oven and sets the timer for 30 minutes."

After 30 minutes, the person removes the dish from the oven and takes off the foil. They add more barbecue sauce to the top of the meat and put the dish back in the oven for another 15 minutes.

Finally, the person takes the dish out of the oven and lets it cool down for a few minutes before serving it.

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

* Preparing dough in a kitchen
* Rolling out the dough and placing it on a baking sheet
* Adding barbecue sauce and meat to the dough
* Rolling up the dough into a log shape
* Placing the log in a baking dish and covering it with foil
* Putting the dish in the oven and setting the timer for 30 minutes
* Removing the foil after 30 minutes and adding more barbecue sauce to the top of the meat
* Putting the dish back in the oven for another 15 minutes
"* Taking the dish out of the oven and letting it cool down before serving it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are making dough and rolling it out on a wooden cutting board. The person then places the dough in a baking dish and adds some seasoning to it. They also mention that they are making a dish called """"pork belly"""" and that they are using a recipe from a YouTube channel called """"Binging with Babish."""" The person then puts the dish in the oven and sets the timer. The video ends with the person saying that they will be back in a few hours to check on the dish."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is kneading dough on a wooden cutting board and placing it in a baking dish. They also mention using a baking powder and a baking soda. The video does not provide any information about the type or quantity of ingredients used, nor does it mention any specific cooking method or recipe. The person is wearing a white shirt and appears to be standing in front of a kitchen counter with various kitchen appliances and utensils visible in the background. The video is filmed in a close-up shot, focusing on the person's hands as they work with the dough. The lighting in the kitchen is bright, and the overall atmosphere is calm and peaceful. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is kneading dough on a wooden cutting board and placing it in a baking dish. They also mention that they have made a mistake and need to add more flour to the dough. The person then puts the dish in the oven and sets the timer. Finally, they mention that they will be making a sauce to go with the food."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is kneading dough on a cutting board, placing it in a baking dish, and covering it with foil. They then put the dish in the oven and wait for it to bake. The person also mentions that they are making a meatloaf and that they have used a lot of onions and garlic."

The repeated actions in the video are kneading the dough, placing it in a baking dish, and covering it with foil. The person also mentions that they are making a meatloaf and that they have used a lot of onions and garlic.

"The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. The person's actions are socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are making dough and rolling it out on a wooden cutting board. They then place the dough in a baking dish and add some sauce on top. The person also mentions that they are making a meat dish and that they will be using a slow cooker to cook it. Finally, they mention that they will be adding some vegetables to the dish and that they will be using a knife to chop them up."

Here is a more detailed breakdown of the sequence of events:

0:00 - The video begins with a close-up shot of a person's hand holding a piece of dough.

0:03 - The person starts rolling out the dough on a wooden cutting board.

0:06 - The person mentions that they are making a meat dish and that they will be using a slow cooker to cook it.

0:09 - The person adds some sauce to the dough and spreads it out evenly.

0:12 - The person mentions that they will be adding some vegetables to the dish and that they will be using a knife to chop them up.

0:15 - The person starts chopping up the vegetables and adds them to the baking dish.

0:18 - The person mentions that they will be using a slow cooker to cook the meat and vegetables together.

"0:21 - The video ends with a close-up shot of the baking dish containing the meat and vegetables."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is kneading dough on a wooden cutting board, and then placing it in a baking dish. They also add some seasoning to the dish. The person then puts the dish in the oven and sets the timer. The video ends with the person taking the dish out of the oven and serving it on a plate."

Therefore, the sequence of events in the video is as follows:

1. Person kneads dough on a cutting board.
2. Person places dough in a baking dish.
3. Person adds seasoning to the dish.
4. Person puts the dish in the oven and sets the timer.
5. Person takes the dish out of the oven and serves it on a plate.

"The exact time range for each event or action is not mentioned in the video."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are making dough and rolling it out on a cutting board. The person then places the dough in a baking dish and covers it with foil. They also mention that they will be baking the dish in the oven. The video ends with the person saying that they will be making a video about the process of making the dish.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The person is preparing dough in a kitchen."
2. They are rolling out the dough on a wooden cutting board.
3. They are placing the dough in a baking dish.
4. They are adding barbecue sauce to the dough.
5. They are covering the dish with aluminum foil.
6. They are placing the dish in an oven.
"7. The person is removing the dish from the oven and serving the barbecue ribs."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The person is preparing dough in a kitchen."
2. They are rolling out the dough on a wooden cutting board.
3. They are placing the dough on a baking sheet.
4. They are adding toppings to the dough.
5. They are brushing the dough with oil.
6. They are placing the baking sheet in an oven.
7. The person is removing the baking sheet from the oven and adding toppings to the cooked dough.
8. They are cutting the cooked dough into slices.
"9. They are serving the cooked dough on a plate."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a person cooking tofu in a frying pan on a kitchen stove. The person is using a spatula to flip the tofu and add seasoning. The video also shows other ingredients and utensils on the kitchen counter.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video begins with a person cooking tofu in a pan on a stove. The person then adds soy sauce and other seasonings to the tofu. Next, the person adds some vegetables to the pan and stirs them around. Finally, the person turns off the stove and serves the tofu and vegetables on a plate."

Here is a more detailed breakdown of the timeline:

0:00 - The video begins with a close-up shot of a pan on a stove.

0:03 - The person adds tofu to the pan and stirs it around.

0:06 - The person adds soy sauce and other seasonings to the tofu.

0:09 - The person adds some vegetables to the pan and stirs them around.

0:12 - The person turns off the stove and serves the tofu and vegetables on a plate.

"Overall, the video shows a simple and quick recipe for cooking tofu with vegetables. The person uses a pan on a stove to cook the tofu and adds seasonings to enhance the flavor. The video is well-lit and easy to follow, making it a good resource for anyone looking to learn how to cook tofu at home."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person cooking food in a kitchen using a frying pan and various ingredients such as tofu, vegetables, and spices. The person is also using a knife and cutting board to prepare the food. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking tofu in a pan on a kitchen stove. The person is using a spatula to flip the tofu and add seasoning. The video also shows other ingredients and utensils on the kitchen counter. The person is wearing a blue apron and is standing in front of a black kitchen counter. The video is filmed in a close-up shot, and the lighting is bright. The person speaks in a clear and concise manner, providing instructions for cooking the tofu. The video is visually appealing and easy to follow. Overall, the video is a helpful and informative tutorial for cooking tofu in a pan."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking tofu in a frying pan on a kitchen stove. The person is using a spatula to flip the tofu and cook it evenly. The video also shows other ingredients and utensils on the kitchen counter, including a cutting board, a knife, and a bowl of vegetables. The person is wearing an apron and appears to be enjoying the cooking process. The video ends with the person tasting the cooked tofu and expressing satisfaction with the result."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking food in a kitchen, specifically tofu and vegetables. The person is using a frying pan and a knife to cut the tofu into cubes and cook it in the pan. The person also adds other ingredients, such as soy sauce and chili flakes, to the pan. The video also shows the person stirring the food in the pan and serving it on a plate. The repeated actions in the video are cutting, cooking, and serving food."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The person is cooking food in a kitchen."
2. They are using a frying pan to cook tofu and other ingredients.
3. They are adding soy sauce and other seasonings to the food.
4. They are stirring the food in the pan with a spatula.
5. They are serving the food on a plate and eating it.

"Therefore, the person is cooking and eating tofu in their kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a person cooking tofu in a pan on a kitchen stove. The person is using a spatula to flip the tofu and a knife to cut it into smaller pieces. The tofu is being cooked with various seasonings and spices. The person is also using a cutting board and a knife to chop vegetables, such as carrots and onions, which are being added to the pan. The video also shows the person adding soy sauce and other ingredients to the pan. The person is wearing an apron and is standing in front of a kitchen counter with various cooking utensils and ingredients nearby. The video ends with the person serving the cooked tofu on a plate and adding additional toppings, such as green onions and sesame seeds."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person cooking tofu in a pan on a kitchen stove. The person is using a spatula to flip the tofu and cook it evenly. The video also shows other ingredients and utensils on the kitchen counter, including a cutting board, a knife, and a bowl of sauce. The person is wearing an apron and appears to be enjoying the cooking process. The video is filmed in a bright and well-lit kitchen, with natural light coming in through a window. The overall tone of the video is positive and upbeat."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The person is cooking tofu in a pan on a stove."
2. The person adds soy sauce to the tofu.
3. The person flips the tofu in the pan.
4. The person removes the tofu from the pan and places it on a plate.
5. The person adds vegetables to the pan and stirs them.
6. The person adds soy sauce to the vegetables.
7. The person removes the vegetables from the pan and places them on the plate with the tofu.
8. The person adds rice to a pot and stirs it.
9. The person adds water to the pot and stirs it.
10. The person turns on the stove and waits for the rice to cook.
11. The person turns off the stove and removes the rice from the pot.
12. The person places the rice on the plate with the tofu and vegetables.
13. The person adds soy sauce to the rice and stirs it.
14. The person adds sesame seeds to the rice and stirs them.
15. The person adds chopped scallions to the rice and stirs them.
16. The person adds cooked shrimp to the rice and stirs them.
17. The person adds cooked crab meat to the rice and stirs them.
18. The person adds cooked chicken to the rice and stirs them.
19. The person adds cooked vegetables to the rice and stirs them.
20. The person adds cooked noodles to the rice and stirs them.
21. The person adds cooked pork to the rice and stirs them.
22. The person adds cooked eggs to the rice and stirs them.
23. The person adds cooked bacon to the rice and stirs them.
24. The person adds cooked sausage to the rice and stirs them.
25. The person adds cooked beans to the rice and stirs them.
26. The person adds cooked corn to the rice and stirs them.
27. The person adds cooked carrots to the rice and stirs them.
28. The person adds cooked peas to the rice and stirs them.
29. The person adds cooked broccoli to the rice and stirs them.
30. The person adds cooked cauliflower to the rice and stirs them.
31. The person adds cooked bell peppers to the rice and stirs them.
32. The person adds cooked onions to the rice and stirs them.
33. The person adds cooked garlic to the rice and stirs them.
34. The person adds cooked ginger to the rice and stirs them.
35. The person adds cooked leeks to the rice and stirs them.
36. The person adds cooked mushrooms to the rice and stirs them.
37. The person adds cooked zucchini to the rice and stirs them.
38. The person adds cooked eggplant to the rice and stirs them.
39. The person adds cooked asparagus to the rice and stirs them.
40. The person adds cooked green beans to the rice and stirs them.
41. The person adds cooked snow peas to the rice and stirs them.
42. The person adds cooked snap peas to the rice and stirs them.
43. The person adds cooked edamame to the rice and stirs them.
44. The person adds cooked tofu to the rice and stirs them.
45. The person adds cooked tempeh to the rice and stirs them.
46. The person adds cooked quinoa to the rice and stirs them.
47. The person adds cooked brown rice to the rice and stirs them.
48. The person adds cooked white rice to the rice and stirs them.
49. The person adds cooked black rice to the rice and stirs them.
50. The person adds cooked red rice to the rice and stirs them.
51. The person adds cooked jasmine rice to the rice and stirs them.
52. The person adds cooked basmati rice to the rice and stirs them.
53. The person adds cooked wild rice to the rice and stirs them.
54. The person adds cooked sushi rice to the rice and stirs them.
55. The person adds cooked sticky rice to the rice and stirs them.
56. The person adds cooked jasmine rice to the rice and stirs them.
"57. The person adds cooked brown rice to"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The person is cooking tofu in a pan on a stove."
2. They add soy sauce and chili sauce to the tofu.
3. They add some vegetables to the pan and stir them around.
4. They add some rice to the pan and stir it around.
5. They add some cooked rice to the pan and stir it around.
6. They add some cooked tofu to the pan and stir it around.
7. They add some cooked vegetables to the pan and stir them around.
8. They add some cooked rice to the pan and stir it around.
9. They add some cooked tofu to the pan and stir it around.
10. They add some cooked vegetables to the pan and stir them around.
11. They add some cooked rice to the pan and stir it around.
12. They add some cooked tofu to the pan and stir it around.
13. They add some cooked vegetables to the pan and stir them around.
14. They add some cooked rice to the pan and stir it around.
15. They add some cooked tofu to the pan and stir it around.
16. They add some cooked vegetables to the pan and stir them around.
17. They add some cooked rice to the pan and stir it around.
18. They add some cooked tofu to the pan and stir it around.
19. They add some cooked vegetables to the pan and stir them around.
20. They add some cooked rice to the pan and stir it around.
21. They add some cooked tofu to the pan and stir it around.
22. They add some cooked vegetables to the pan and stir them around.
23. They add some cooked rice to the pan and stir it around.
24. They add some cooked tofu to the pan and stir it around.
25. They add some cooked vegetables to the pan and stir them around.
26. They add some cooked rice to the pan and stir it around.
27. They add some cooked tofu to the pan and stir it around.
28. They add some cooked vegetables to the pan and stir them around.
29. They add some cooked rice to the pan and stir it around.
30. They add some cooked tofu to the pan and stir it around.
31. They add some cooked vegetables to the pan and stir them around.
32. They add some cooked rice to the pan and stir it around.
33. They add some cooked tofu to the pan and stir it around.
34. They add some cooked vegetables to the pan and stir them around.
35. They add some cooked rice to the pan and stir it around.
36. They add some cooked tofu to the pan and stir it around.
37. They add some cooked vegetables to the pan and stir them around.
38. They add some cooked rice to the pan and stir it around.
39. They add some cooked tofu to the pan and stir it around.
40. They add some cooked vegetables to the pan and stir them around.
41. They add some cooked rice to the pan and stir it around.
42. They add some cooked tofu to the pan and stir it around.
43. They add some cooked vegetables to the pan and stir them around.
44. They add some cooked rice to the pan and stir it around.
45. They add some cooked tofu to the pan and stir it around.
46. They add some cooked vegetables to the pan and stir them around.
47. They add some cooked rice to the pan and stir it around.
48. They add some cooked tofu to the pan and stir it around.
49. They add some cooked vegetables to the pan and stir them around.
50. They add some cooked rice to the pan and stir it around.
51. They add some cooked tofu to the pan and stir it around.
52. They add some cooked vegetables to the pan and stir them around.
53. They add some cooked rice to the pan and stir it around.
54. They add some cooked tofu to the pan and stir it around.
55. They add some cooked vegetables to the pan and stir them around.
56. They add some cooked rice to the pan and stir it around.
57. They add some cooked tofu to the pan and stir it around.
58. They add some cooked vegetables to the pan and stir them around.
59. They add some cooked rice to the pan and stir it around.
"60. They add some cooked tofu to the pan"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen, specifically making scrambled eggs. The person is seen opening the refrigerator and taking out ingredients, such as eggs, milk, and butter. They then crack the eggs into a pan and begin to scramble them, adding milk and butter to the pan. The person also mentions using a spatula to stir the eggs and cook them evenly. The video ends with the person serving the scrambled eggs on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a person opening the refrigerator and taking out some ingredients. Then, the person starts cooking in a pan on the stove. The person adds some ingredients to the pan and stirs them. Finally, the person turns off the stove and the video ends."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. Opening the refrigerator and taking out some ingredients.
2. Cooking in a pan on the stove.
3. Adding some ingredients to the pan and stirring them.
4. Turning off the stove.

"The video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are using various kitchen appliances, such as a refrigerator, a stove, and a toaster. The person is also using different ingredients, such as eggs, milk, and bread. They are cooking an omelette and adding cheese and other toppings to it. The video also shows the person cleaning the kitchen counter and putting away the ingredients and appliances. Overall, the video shows a person preparing a simple breakfast in their kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is standing in front of an open refrigerator and takes out various ingredients, including eggs, milk, and cheese. The person then proceeds to crack an egg into a pan on the stove and starts cooking it. The video also shows the person adding other ingredients to the pan, such as butter and flour, and stirring the mixture with a spatula. The person then pours the mixture into a baking dish and puts it in the oven to bake. The video ends with the person taking the dish out of the oven and serving it on a plate."

"The video takes place in a modern kitchen with white cabinets and a tiled floor. The lighting is bright, and the camera angle shows the person's hands and the cooking utensils in close-up. The video is shot in a continuous sequence, and the editing is smooth and seamless. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. The tone of the video is positive and helpful, and the person's actions are safe and socially unbiased."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person opening the refrigerator and taking out various food items, including eggs, milk, and cheese. The person then proceeds to crack an egg into a pan on the stove and begins to cook it. The video also shows the person adding other ingredients, such as butter and salt, to the pan. The person then stirs the contents of the pan with a spoon and continues to cook the egg until it is fully cooked. Finally, the person removes the pan from the stove and sets it aside."

Therefore, the salient events or actions occurring in the video are:

1. The person opens the refrigerator and takes out various food items.
2. The person cracks an egg into a pan on the stove.
3. The person adds other ingredients, such as butter and salt, to the pan.
4. The person stirs the contents of the pan with a spoon.
5. The person cooks the egg until it is fully cooked.
"6. The person removes the pan from the stove and sets it aside."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The person is preparing food in a kitchen, specifically making scrambled eggs. They are opening the refrigerator, taking out ingredients, and using a pan on the stove to cook the eggs. They are also using a spatula to stir the eggs and a plate to serve them on. The person is also using a cutting board and a knife to chop vegetables, which suggests that they may be making other dishes as well. Overall, the video shows the process of making scrambled eggs from start to finish."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The person opens the refrigerator and takes out some ingredients."
2. They put the ingredients into a pan on the stove.
3. They add some liquid to the pan and stir the mixture.
4. They add some eggs to the mixture and continue stirring.
5. They pour the mixture into a baking dish and put it in the oven.
6. They set the oven to a specific temperature and wait for it to finish cooking.
7. The person takes the baking dish out of the oven and lets it cool down.
8. They serve the food on a plate and enjoy it.

"Therefore, the person is making a dish in the kitchen using ingredients from the refrigerator, cooking it on the stove, and then baking it in the oven."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,The video shows a person opening the refrigerator and taking out ingredients for cooking. The person then proceeds to cook the ingredients in a pan on the stove. The video does not provide a specific time range for each event or action.,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person opening the refrigerator and taking out ingredients for cooking. The person then proceeds to cook food on the stove, using a pan and a spatula. The person also mentions that they are making a dish with eggs and cheese. The video ends with the person closing the refrigerator door."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The person is standing in front of an open refrigerator."
2. The person takes out a container from the refrigerator.
3. The person pours the contents of the container into a pot on the stove.
4. The person adds ingredients to the pot, including eggs and milk.
5. The person stirs the ingredients in the pot.
6. The person turns on the stove and begins to cook the mixture.
7. The person removes the pot from the stove and pours the contents into a bowl.
8. The person adds bread to the bowl and stirs the mixture.
9. The person serves the mixture in a bowl.
10. The person cleans up the kitchen, including the stove and refrigerator.
"11. The person turns off the stove and the video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The person opens the refrigerator door."
2. The person takes out a container of food from the refrigerator.
3. The person pours the food into a pan on the stove.
4. The person adds ingredients to the pan, including eggs and milk.
5. The person stirs the ingredients in the pan.
6. The person turns on the stove and begins to cook the food.
7. The person adds salt and pepper to taste.
8. The person removes the pan from the stove and serves the food.
"9. The person cleans up the kitchen, including wiping down the stove and putting away the ingredients."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person's kitchen counter with various items on it, including a microwave, a toaster, and some food items. The person then proceeds to clean the counter and put away the items. The video is filmed in a dark room with poor lighting, making it difficult to see some of the details clearly. However, the person's actions are clear, and they appear to be following a routine for cleaning and organizing their kitchen counter. Overall, the video is mundane but shows a typical household task being performed."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a person standing in front of a kitchen counter. The person then picks up a bottle of cleaning solution and pours it into a sink. Next, the person turns on the faucet and washes their hands. The video ends with the person turning off the faucet and drying their hands on a towel."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. The person stands in front of a kitchen counter.
2. The person picks up a bottle of cleaning solution.
3. The person pours the cleaning solution into a sink.
4. The person turns on the faucet.
5. The person washes their hands.
6. The person turns off the faucet.
7. The person dries their hands on a towel.

"Therefore, the video is about a person washing their hands in a kitchen sink."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person entering a kitchen and opening a cabinet door to reveal various household items such as a microwave, a toaster, and a kettle. The person then proceeds to take out a bottle of water and place it on the counter. The video also shows a sink with a dish rack and various cleaning supplies. The person then proceeds to turn on the tap and fill a glass with water. The video ends with the person taking a sip of the water and placing the glass back on the counter. Overall, the video appears to be a simple and mundane depiction of everyday life in a kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person's hand reaching into a kitchen cabinet and pulling out various items, including a bottle of cleaning solution, a sponge, and a dishcloth. The person then proceeds to use the cleaning solution to wipe down the countertop and sink. The video takes place in a small kitchen with white cabinets and a black countertop. The lighting is dim, and there are no other people or objects visible in the frame. The video lasts for approximately 15 seconds."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person entering a kitchen and opening a cabinet door to reveal various household items such as a microwave, a toaster, and a kettle. The person then proceeds to take out a bottle of water and place it on the counter. The video ends with the person leaving the kitchen."

Therefore, the salient events or actions occurring in the video are:

1. The person enters the kitchen.
2. The person opens a cabinet door to reveal various household items.
3. The person takes out a bottle of water and places it on the counter.
"4. The person leaves the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person opening and closing a kitchen cabinet door, and picking up and putting down various items on the countertop. The person also mentions a microwave and a toaster oven. There is no clear indication of a repeated event or action."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a person's hand reaching into a kitchen cabinet and taking out a bottle of cleaning solution. The person then pours the solution into a sink and turns on the faucet to rinse it out. The video also shows various kitchen appliances and utensils on the countertop, including a microwave, toaster, and cutting board. The person then turns off the faucet and wipes down the countertop with a towel. Finally, the person puts the cleaning solution back into the cabinet and closes the door."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video starts with a person standing in front of a kitchen counter. The person then opens a cabinet door and takes out a bottle of cleaning solution. The person then proceeds to clean the countertop and sink area using a cloth and the cleaning solution. The video also shows the person using a sponge to wipe down the countertop and sink. The person then puts the cleaning solution back in the cabinet and closes the door. The video ends with the person walking away from the kitchen."

Therefore, the sequence of events in the video is as follows:

1. Person stands in front of kitchen counter.
2. Person opens cabinet door and takes out cleaning solution bottle.
3. Person uses cloth and cleaning solution to clean countertop and sink area.
4. Person uses sponge to wipe down countertop and sink.
5. Person puts cleaning solution bottle back in cabinet and closes door.
"6. Person walks away from kitchen."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person entering a kitchen and opening a cabinet door to reveal various household items such as a microwave, a toaster, and a kettle. The person then proceeds to take out a bottle of water and place it on the counter. The video ends with the person closing the cabinet door."

Therefore, the most important events or actions in the video are:

1. The person enters the kitchen.
2. The person opens a cabinet door to reveal various household items.
3. The person takes out a bottle of water and places it on the counter.
"4. The person closes the cabinet door."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The person enters the kitchen and opens the refrigerator."
2. They take out a bottle of water and place it on the counter.
3. They then take out a bottle of cleaning solution and pour it into a spray bottle.
4. They spray the cleaning solution on the counter and wipe it down with a cloth.
5. They put the cloth and the spray bottle back into the refrigerator.
6. They turn on the microwave and put a bowl of food inside.
7. They set the timer on the microwave and wait for the food to be cooked.
8. They take the bowl out of the microwave and place it on the counter.
9. They take a bite of the food and seem satisfied.
"10. They turn off the microwave and leave the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The person enters the kitchen."
2. They pick up a bottle of cleaning solution from the counter.
3. They pour the solution into a spray bottle.
4. They spray the solution on the kitchen sink.
5. They wipe down the sink with a cloth.
6. They put the cloth and the spray bottle back on the counter.
7. They turn on the microwave and put a container of food inside.
8. They set the microwave timer.
9. They wait for the food to finish cooking.
10. They take the food out of the microwave and put it on the counter.
11. They turn off the microwave.
12. They put the container back in the refrigerator.
"13. They leave the kitchen."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person's kitchen counter with various items on it, including a toaster, a microwave, a plate with food, and a cup of coffee. The person then points to the items and explains that they are all in the same place."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a person pointing to a kitchen counter with a toaster, kettle, and a plate with a cookie on it. The person then moves their hand towards the toaster and picks up the cookie. They then move the cookie to the plate and take a bite. The video ends with the person putting the cookie back on the plate and turning off the toaster."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. The person points to a kitchen counter with a toaster, kettle, and a plate with a cookie on it.
2. The person picks up the cookie from the plate and puts it in the toaster.
3. The person takes a bite of the cookie while it is still in the toaster.
4. The person puts the cookie back on the plate.
5. The person turns off the toaster.

"It is important to note that the video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person entering a kitchen and pointing at various items on the counter, including a toaster, a microwave, and a plate of food. The person then picks up a cup of coffee and takes a sip. The video does not provide any context or explanation for the actions taking place."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person entering a kitchen and pointing at various items on the counter, including a toaster, a microwave, and a plate of food. The person then picks up a cup of coffee and takes a sip. The kitchen appears to be small and cluttered, with white tiles on the walls and a black countertop. The video does not provide any context or explanation for the person's actions."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person entering a kitchen and pointing at various items on the countertop, including a toaster, a microwave, and a plate with a cookie on it. The person then picks up the cookie and takes a bite, expressing satisfaction with the taste. The video also shows a close-up of the cookie and the person's hand as they eat it. Additionally, the person mentions that they are in a flat and that they have been living there for a while. The video ends with the person putting the plate and the cookie back on the countertop."

Here is a more detailed breakdown of the events in the video:

0:00 - The video starts with a person entering a kitchen and looking around.

0:04 - The person points at a toaster on the countertop.

0:06 - The person points at a microwave and mentions that they have been living in a flat for a while.

0:08 - The person picks up a plate with a cookie on it and takes a bite.

0:10 - The person expresses satisfaction with the taste of the cookie.

0:12 - The person puts the plate and the cookie back on the countertop.

0:14 - The video ends.

"Overall, the video is a simple and straightforward depiction of someone eating a cookie in their kitchen. There is no explicit or implicit harm, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content, and the tone is positive and respectful."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person pointing to different items on a kitchen counter, including a toaster, a microwave, and a plate with food on it. The person also mentions a kettle and a cup of tea. There is no clear indication of any repeated events or actions in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" 1. The camera pans to a kitchen counter."
2. A person's hand is seen pointing to a plate with a cookie on it.
3. The camera zooms in on the cookie.
4. The person takes a bite of the cookie and puts the plate down.
5. The camera shows a microwave oven and a kettle on the counter.
6. The person pours water into the kettle and turns it on.
7. The camera shows the person waiting for the water to boil.
8. The person makes a cup of tea and sets it down on the counter.
9. The camera shows the person taking a sip of the tea.
"10. The person puts the cup down and the video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" At the beginning of the video, the camera shows a kitchen counter with a toaster, a microwave, and a plate with a cookie on it. The person in the video then points to the toaster and says, """"this is the toaster."""""

"Next, the person picks up the cookie from the plate and takes a bite. They then put the plate back on the counter and turn to face the camera, saying, """"this is a cookie."""""

"The person then picks up a cup of coffee and takes a sip. They then put the cup back on the counter and turn to face the camera again, saying, """"this is a cup of coffee."""""

"Finally, the person turns to face the toaster again and says, """"this is the toaster, and this is the cookie that I've just toasted."""""

Therefore, the sequence of events in the video is as follows:

1. The camera shows a kitchen counter with a toaster, a microwave, and a plate with a cookie on it.
"2. The person in the video points to the toaster and says, """"this is the toaster."""""
3. The person picks up the cookie from the plate and takes a bite.
4. The person puts the plate back on the counter and picks up a cup of coffee.
5. The person takes a sip of the coffee.
"6. The person puts the cup back on the counter and turns to face the camera again, saying, """"this is a cup of coffee."""""
"7. The person turns to face the toaster again and says, """"this is the toaster, and this is the cookie that I've just toasted."""""",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person entering a kitchen and pointing at various items on the counter, including a toaster, a microwave, and a plate of food. The person then picks up a cup of tea and takes a sip. The video ends with the person leaving the kitchen."

Therefore, the important events or actions in the video are:

1. The person enters the kitchen.
2. The person points at various items on the counter.
3. The person picks up a cup of tea and takes a sip.
4. The person leaves the kitchen.

"It is important to note that the video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. The answers provided are helpful, respectful, and honest, and are socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The camera pans over a kitchen counter with various appliances and utensils."
2. A person enters the room and approaches the counter.
3. The person picks up a plate with a cookie on it and takes a bite.
4. The person puts the plate down and picks up a mug of tea.
5. The person takes a sip of tea and sets the mug down.
6. The person picks up a bag of chips and eats some of them.
7. The person puts the bag of chips down and picks up a bottle of water.
8. The person takes a sip of water and sets the bottle down.
9. The person picks up a remote control and turns on the television.
10. The person sits down on a chair and watches television.
"11. The person gets up and leaves the room."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 0:00 - The camera pans across a kitchen counter, showing various appliances and utensils."
0:05 - The camera focuses on a plate with a cookie on it, and a person's hand reaches out and picks it up.
0:08 - The person takes a bite of the cookie and sets the plate down on the counter.
0:11 - The camera zooms in on a mug of tea on the counter, and the person picks it up and takes a sip.
0:14 - The person sets the mug down and picks up a bottle of water, taking a drink.
0:17 - The person sets the bottle down and picks up a bag of chips, opening it and taking a handful.
0:20 - The person sets the bag down and picks up a knife, cutting a slice of bread.
0:23 - The person puts the slice of bread in the toaster and sets the timer.
0:26 - The camera shows the toaster popping up, and the person takes out the slice of bread and puts it on a plate.
0:29 - The person picks up a jar of jam and spreads it on the slice of bread.
0:32 - The person takes a bite of the sandwich and sets the plate down on the counter.
0:35 - The camera zooms out, showing the entire kitchen counter with various appliances and utensils.
0:38 - The person picks up a cup of coffee and takes a sip.
0:41 - The person sets the cup down and picks up a plate with a piece of cake on it.
0:44 - The person takes a bite of the cake and sets the plate down on the counter.
0:47 - The camera zooms out, showing the entire kitchen with various appliances and utensils.
0:50 - The person picks up a glass of water and takes a drink.
0:53 - The camera shows the person's hand reaching out and picking up a remote control, turning on the television.
0:56 - The camera shows the television screen, displaying a news program.
1:00 - The camera zooms out, showing the entire room with various appliances and furniture.
1:03 - The person stands up and walks out of the room, leaving the kitchen counter with various items on it.

"Keywords: kitchen, counter, appliances, utensils, food, drink, toast, sandwich, jam, cake, remote control, television."",0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking food in a kitchen using a stove and pots. The person is stirring the food with a spoon and adding ingredients to the pot. The video also shows the person washing dishes in a sink. The person is wearing a white shirt and appears to be cooking for themselves. The video is filmed in a close-up shot, allowing the viewer to see the details of the cooking process. The video is well-lit and the sound quality is good. The person speaks in a clear and concise manner, making the video easy to follow. Overall, the video is a simple and straightforward demonstration of cooking food in a kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a person cooking food in a kitchen. The person is using a frying pan and a pot on the stove. The person then adds some vegetables to the pan and stirs them. The person also adds some meat to the pot and stirs it. The person then adds some spices to the food and stirs it again. The person then turns off the stove and removes the pans from the heat. The video ends with the person serving the food onto plates."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

* The person starts cooking food in a kitchen.
* The person uses a frying pan and a pot on the stove.
* The person adds vegetables to the pan and stirs them.
* The person adds meat to the pot and stirs it.
* The person adds spices to the food and stirs it again.
* The person turns off the stove and removes the pans from the heat.
"* The person serves the food onto plates."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person cooking food in a kitchen, specifically a stir-fry dish with meat and vegetables. The person is using a frying pan and a wok to cook the food, and they are adding various ingredients such as soy sauce and garlic. The video also shows the person washing dishes in a sink and using a sponge to clean them. Overall, the video appears to be a simple and straightforward cooking tutorial."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,The video shows a person cooking food in a kitchen using a stove and pots. The person is seen stirring the food and adding ingredients to the pot. The video also shows the person washing dishes in the sink. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the kitchen and the stove.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking food in a kitchen using a stove and pots. The person is stirring the food with a spoon and adding ingredients to the pot. The video also shows the person washing dishes in a sink. The person is wearing an apron and appears to be cooking for themselves. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a person cooking food in a kitchen using a stove and pots. The person is stirring the food with a spoon and adding ingredients to the pot. The video also shows the person washing dishes in the sink. The repeated actions in the video are cooking and washing dishes.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a person cooking food in a kitchen. The person is using a frying pan to cook meat and vegetables on a stove. The person is also using a spoon to stir the food. The video also shows the person washing dishes in a sink. The person is wearing a white shirt and appears to be cooking for themselves. The kitchen has white cabinets and a tiled floor. The video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video shows a person cooking food in a kitchen, specifically a stir-fry dish with vegetables and meat. The person is using a frying pan on a stove and adding ingredients such as soy sauce and oil. The video also shows the person washing dishes in a sink."

Here is a breakdown of the events in the video:

0:00 - The video starts with a close-up of a frying pan on a stove with oil heating up.

0:03 - The person adds vegetables to the pan and stirs them around.

0:06 - The person adds meat to the pan and stirs it around.

0:10 - The person adds soy sauce to the pan and stirs it around.

0:13 - The person turns off the stove and removes the pan from the heat.

0:15 - The person washes dishes in a sink.

0:20 - The video ends.

Therefore, the exact time range for each event or action is as follows:

- Heating up oil in a frying pan: 0:00 - 0:03
- Adding vegetables to the pan: 0:03 - 0:06
- Adding meat to the pan: 0:06 - 0:10
- Adding soy sauce to the pan: 0:10 - 0:13
- Washing dishes in a sink: 0:13 - 0:20

"Overall, the video shows a person cooking a stir-fry dish and washing dishes in a kitchen."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person cooking food in a kitchen using a stove and pots. The person is stirring the food with a spoon and adding ingredients to the pot. The video also shows the person washing dishes in the sink. The person is wearing a white shirt and appears to be cooking for themselves. The kitchen has white cabinets and a tiled floor. The video is filmed in a close-up shot, allowing the viewer to see the details of the cooking process. The person is using a knife to chop vegetables and a spatula to stir the food. The video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The person is cooking food in a kitchen."
2. They are using a frying pan and a pot on a stove.
3. The person is adding ingredients to the pan and pot.
4. They are stirring the food with a spoon.
5. The person is adding seasoning to the food.
6. They are serving the food on a plate.
7. The person is cleaning up the kitchen by putting away the pots and pans.
8. The person is washing their hands in the sink.
"9. The video ends with the person turning off the stove."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. A person is cooking food in a kitchen."
2. The person is using a frying pan to cook the food.
3. The person is adding ingredients to the pan, including meat and vegetables.
4. The person is stirring the food in the pan with a spoon.
5. The person is adding seasoning to the food.
6. The person is serving the food onto a plate.
7. The person is cleaning the kitchen, including the stove and pots.
8. The person is washing dishes in the sink.
9. The person is putting the dishes away in the cabinets.
"10. The person is turning off the stove and leaving the kitchen."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,"" The video shows a person opening a kitchen cabinet and taking out various food items, including chicken, rice, and vegetables, from plastic containers. The person then puts the food into a microwave oven and heats it up. The video also shows the person using a spoon to mix the food and add seasoning. The person then eats the food from a plate. The video is filmed in a kitchen with a white countertop and a black microwave oven. The person is wearing a white shirt and blue jeans. The video is set to upbeat music. The video is filmed in a respectful, helpful, and honest manner, and there is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video starts with a person opening the kitchen cabinet and taking out some food containers. The person then proceeds to take out a spoon and starts eating the food from the containers. The video ends with the person putting the containers back into the cabinet."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

1. Person opens the kitchen cabinet.
2. Person takes out some food containers.
3. Person takes out a spoon.
4. Person starts eating the food from the containers.
5. Person puts the containers back into the cabinet.

"Overall, the video shows a person preparing and eating food from containers in the kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They open several containers and take out various ingredients, including chicken, rice, and vegetables. They also mention that they are making a curry. The person then puts the ingredients into a pot and starts cooking. The video ends with the person tasting the food and saying that it is delicious."

"The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person opens a refrigerator and takes out several containers of food. They then place the containers on a countertop and begin to prepare the food. The person uses a knife to chop vegetables and a spoon to mix ingredients. They also use a microwave oven to cook some food. The video ends with the person putting the prepared food into containers and placing them back in the refrigerator."

"The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the kitchen and the countertop, where the person prepares the food. The video also shows the refrigerator and the microwave oven, which are used to store and cook the food. The video takes place in a relatively small space, and the person moves around the kitchen to access different tools and ingredients. The video is also characterized by a relatively fast pace, with the person quickly preparing the food and putting it away. Overall, the video shows a typical kitchen scene, with a person preparing food using common kitchen tools and appliances."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,"" The video shows a person's hand reaching into a kitchen cabinet and taking out several containers of food, including chicken, rice, and vegetables. The person then puts the containers on the counter and opens a microwave oven. The person then takes out a spoon and stirs the food in one of the containers before putting it in the microwave and heating it up. The person then takes out a plate and puts the heated food on it, along with some other items such as a cup of tea and a bowl of soup. The person then sits down at the kitchen table and begins eating the food."

Therefore, the salient events or actions occurring in the video are:

1. The person reaches into a kitchen cabinet and takes out several containers of food.
2. The person puts the containers on the counter and opens a microwave oven.
3. The person takes out a spoon and stirs the food in one of the containers.
4. The person puts the heated food on a plate and sits down at the kitchen table to eat it.
5. The person also has a cup of tea and a bowl of soup on the table.

"There are no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The person's actions are socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,"" The video shows a person reaching into a kitchen cabinet and taking out various food items, including chicken, rice, and vegetables. The person then puts the food into containers and places them on the counter. The person also mentions that they are making a meal for someone else."

"Therefore, the repeated events in the video are the person reaching into the cabinet, taking out food items, and placing them into containers. The person also mentions making a meal for someone else, but this is not shown in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,"" The video shows a person reaching into a kitchen cabinet and taking out several containers of food, including chicken, rice, and vegetables. The person then opens a refrigerator and takes out a container of milk. The person then puts the food into a microwave and sets it to cook. Finally, the person takes out a spoon and stirs the food in the microwave."

Here is a more detailed breakdown of the sequence of events:

1. The camera shows a person's hand reaching into a kitchen cabinet.
2. The person takes out several containers of food, including chicken, rice, and vegetables.
3. The person opens a refrigerator and takes out a container of milk.
4. The person puts the food into a microwave and sets it to cook.
5. The person takes out a spoon and stirs the food in the microwave.

"Therefore, the video shows a person preparing a meal in the kitchen using a microwave."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,"" The video starts with a person opening a kitchen cabinet and taking out some food containers. The person then takes out a spoon and starts eating from one of the containers. The video then shows the person putting the spoon back into the container and closing the cabinet. The person then takes out a microwave and puts a container of food into it. The video ends with the person turning on the microwave and waiting for the food to cook."

Therefore, the sequence of events in the video is as follows:

1. Person opens kitchen cabinet and takes out food containers.
2. Person takes out a spoon and starts eating from one of the containers.
3. Person puts the spoon back into the container and closes the cabinet.
4. Person takes out a microwave and puts a container of food into it.
5. Person turns on the microwave and waits for the food to cook.

"The exact time range for each event or action is not mentioned in the video."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."","" The video shows a person reaching into a kitchen cabinet and taking out several containers of food. The person then opens a refrigerator and takes out a container of chicken and a container of rice. The person then puts the food into a microwave and heats it up. Finally, the person takes the food out of the microwave and puts it on a plate."

Therefore, the most important events or actions in the video are:

1. The person reaches into a kitchen cabinet and takes out several containers of food.
2. The person opens a refrigerator and takes out a container of chicken and a container of rice.
3. The person puts the food into a microwave and heats it up.
4. The person takes the food out of the microwave and puts it on a plate.

"It is important to note that the video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. The person's actions are socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."","" 1. The person is in the kitchen, holding a container of food."
2. They open the refrigerator and take out some containers of food.
3. They open a cabinet and take out a spoon.
4. They use the spoon to mix the food in the container.
5. They put the container back in the refrigerator.
6. They close the refrigerator and walk away from the kitchen.

Therefore, the key moments in the video are:

1. Person in kitchen with food container.
2. Open refrigerator and take out containers.
3. Take out spoon from cabinet.
4. Mix food with spoon.
5. Put container back in refrigerator.
"6. Walk away from kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."","" 1. The person opens the kitchen cabinet."
2. They take out a container of food from the refrigerator.
3. They place the container on the counter.
4. They take out a spoon and a plate from the drawer.
5. They scoop some food onto the plate using the spoon.
6. They put the plate on the counter.
7. They take out a cup of tea from the refrigerator.
8. They pour the tea into a mug.
9. They add milk to the mug.
10. They stir the tea with a spoon.
11. They take a bite of the food.
12. They take a sip of the tea.
13. They put the spoon and the mug back in their respective places.
14. They close the refrigerator and the kitchen cabinet.
15. They turn off the camera.

"Therefore, the video shows a person preparing and eating food in the kitchen."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a person holding a piece of food in their hand, which appears to be a type of sandwich or wrap. The person is standing in front of a group of pigeons, and it appears that they are feeding the pigeons with the food in their hand."

As the video continues, the person begins to walk away from the group of pigeons, and the camera follows them. The person stops and looks back at the pigeons, and it appears that they are considering giving the remaining food to the pigeons.

The person then decides to eat the remaining food themselves, and they take a bite. The video ends with the person continuing to walk away from the group of pigeons.

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

<0:00-0:05>: Person holds food in hand and feeds pigeons
<0:05-0:10>: Person walks away from pigeons
<0:10-0:15>: Person considers giving remaining food to pigeons
<0:15-0:20>: Person eats remaining food themselves
"<0:20-0:25>: Person continues to walk away from pigeons."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a city street where a person is feeding pigeons with food wrapped in banana leaves. The person is holding a piece of food in their hand and offering it to the pigeons, who are eagerly pecking at it. The person then takes a bite of the food themselves and continues to feed the pigeons. The video also shows other people walking by and observing the scene."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a city street with a person feeding pigeons. The person is holding a piece of food in a wrapper and offering it to the pigeons. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are:"

* City street-00:00-00:06: The person is standing on a sidewalk and feeding pigeons.
* Close-up of food-00:03-00:06: The person holds a piece of food in a wrapper and offers it to the pigeons.
* Pigeons eating food-00:06-00:12: The pigeons are eating the food from the wrapper.
* Person feeding more pigeons-00:12-00:18: The person continues to feed the pigeons.
* Close-up of pigeon-00:15-00:18: A close-up shot of a pigeon eating the food.
"* Person walking away-00:18-00:20: The person walks away from the scene."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a man and a woman standing in front of a store. The man is holding a white dog on a leash, and the woman is holding a bag."

At around 0:10, the man puts the dog on a table and starts brushing its fur. The woman watches as the man brushes the dog's fur.

At around 0:20, the man puts a white cloth on the table and covers the dog with it. He then starts washing the dog's paws with a cloth.

At around 0:30, the man puts the dog back on the leash and the woman leads it out of the store.

The video ends with the man and the woman walking down the street with the dog on a leash.

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

0:00-0:10: The man and the woman stand in front of a store with a white dog on a leash.

0:10-0:20: The man puts the dog on a table and starts brushing its fur. He then covers the dog with a white cloth and washes its paws with a cloth.

0:20-0:30: The man puts the dog back on the leash and the woman leads it out of the store.

"0:30-end: The man and the woman walk down the street with the dog on a leash."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a veterinary clinic or animal shelter. A man is seen walking down a hallway with a white dog on a leash. The man stops in front of a cage and opens it, revealing a white dog inside. He then takes the dog out of the cage and holds it in his arms. The man then walks down the hallway with the dog, and they eventually exit the building."

The man is likely a veterinarian or animal caretaker, and the dog is likely being taken for a check-up or treatment. The video does not provide any additional context or information about the dog or the clinic.

Therefore, the description of the video would be:

"<veterinary clinic/animal shelter>: A man takes a white dog out of a cage and holds it in his arms while walking down a hallway."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a veterinary clinic. A man is seen walking a white dog down a hallway. The dog is wearing a blue collar and appears to be well-groomed. The man stops in front of a door and opens it, revealing a room with a large table and various grooming tools. He then proceeds to groom the dog, using a brush and a comb. The video ends with the man and the dog exiting the room."

Timecodes:
0:00-0:05: Man walking a white dog down a hallway in a veterinary clinic
0:06-0:12: Man stops in front of a door and opens it
0:13-0:18: Man grooming the dog on a table in the room
"0:19-0:21: Man and dog exiting the room."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" Unfortunately, I cannot provide an accurate timeline without additional context. However, I can suggest that the video appears to show someone working on a tire, possibly cleaning or repairing it. The person is wearing a blue shirt and appears to be using a spray bottle to apply a cleaning solution to the tire. The tire is located on the ground, and there are some tools and equipment nearby. Overall, the video appears to be safe and non-toxic in nature."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person inspecting a tire in a grassy area. The tire appears to be old and worn out, with visible cracks and damage. The person then uses a spray bottle to clean the tire, revealing more damage and wear. The video does not provide any context or explanation for the events taking place."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a backyard setting, with the main focus on a person inspecting a tire. The tire is lying on the ground, and the person is using a spray bottle to clean it. The video does not provide any specific information about the location or the time of day."

"Therefore, the summary would be: Backyard-00:00:00-00:01:00: Person cleans a tire using a spray bottle."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video does not provide a clear timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. However, we can observe that there are two men, one wearing a green shirt and the other wearing a black shirt, performing a physical activity in front of a brick building. The men appear to be in good spirits and are enjoying their activity."

At one point, the man in the green shirt jumps up and lands on a brick wall, while the man in the black shirt looks on. The men then engage in a brief conversation, with the man in the green shirt expressing excitement and enthusiasm.

"Overall, the video appears to be a positive and uplifting representation of physical activity and camaraderie."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in an outdoor area with a brick wall in the background. Two young men are seen performing a parkour routine, with one of them jumping and landing on the wall. They are wearing athletic clothing and appear to be in good physical condition. The video ends with the two men walking away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in an outdoor setting, possibly a college campus, with a group of young men performing a parkour routine. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are as follows:"

1. A brick building with a red brick facade serves as a backdrop for the parkour routine.
2. The routine begins with the performers standing on a set of concrete steps.
3. The performers then begin to run and jump across various obstacles, including walls, rails, and benches.
4. The routine continues with the performers executing various parkour moves, such as flips, rolls, and jumps.
5. The video ends with the performers standing on a set of concrete stairs, looking satisfied with their performance.

"Overall, the video showcases the skill and agility of the performers as they navigate various obstacles in a parkour routine."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a woman standing in front of a white refrigerator in a kitchen. She is wearing a blue top and has long black hair. The woman is holding a bottle of hair conditioner and talking to the camera."

At around 0:15, the woman applies the conditioner to her hair and massages it in. She then rinses her hair with water and turns off the camera.

The video ends with the woman smiling at the camera.

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is:

0:00-0:15: The woman stands in front of a refrigerator and talks to the camera while holding a bottle of hair conditioner.

0:15-0:30: The woman applies the conditioner to her hair and massages it in.

"0:30: The woman rinses her hair with water and turns off the camera."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" A woman is standing in a parking garage and talking to the camera. She mentions that she is trying to find a specific car, but she is having trouble remembering which one it is. She then turns around and walks away from the camera."

The video does not provide any additional context or information about the woman or the location. It is unclear why she is in the parking garage or what she is looking for.

"Therefore, the video does not make any sense without further context."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a parking garage. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are as follows:"

1. Inside the parking garage - 0:00-0:10: The speaker is standing in front of a parking meter and talking about her hair.
2. Inside the parking garage - 0:11-0:15: The speaker is holding a bottle of hair conditioner and talking about its benefits.
3. Inside the parking garage - 0:16-0:20: The speaker is applying the hair conditioner to her hair and talking about its texture.
4. Inside the parking garage - 0:21-0:25: The speaker is looking at her reflection in a mirror and talking about her hair.
5. Inside the parking garage - 0:26-0:30: The speaker is putting on a hat and talking about her plans for the day.

"Overall, the video shows a woman applying hair conditioner in a parking garage and talking about its benefits."",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:00-0:05: People are dancing in the street."
0:05-0:10: A man is performing a dance move.
0:10-0:15: The camera pans to show a large crowd of people.
0:15-0:20: The crowd is cheering and clapping.
0:20-0:25: A man is leading the crowd in a dance.
0:25-0:30: The camera shows a close-up of a woman dancing.

"Note: The exact timestamps may vary depending on the editing and post-production of the video."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, there is a large crowd of people gathered in a city street. Some of them are dancing and having fun, while others are watching and cheering them on. The atmosphere is lively and festive."

The people are dressed in various colors and styles, reflecting the diversity of the community. Some are wearing traditional Indian clothing, while others are wearing modern Western-style outfits.

Overall, the video captures the spirit of a vibrant and bustling urban environment, where people come together to celebrate and enjoy themselves.

"There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a crowded street. People are dancing and having fun. The exact location is not mentioned in the video."

"<city-name>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: people dancing and having fun in the street."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a white bicycle parked on the side of the road. A woman in a black tank top and shorts is seen riding the bicycle towards the camera. She stops in front of a graffiti-covered wall and looks at the camera with a smile. The woman then dismounts the bicycle and stands next to it, looking at the camera with a confident expression."

The video then cuts to a shot of the woman walking towards a group of people standing on the sidewalk. She greets them and introduces herself as a bike mechanic. The people in the group introduce themselves and ask her about her experience as a mechanic.

The woman explains that she has been working on bicycles for over 10 years and has a passion for fixing them up. She then shows the group some of her work, including a custom-painted bicycle frame and a set of handlebars.

The video ends with the woman thanking the group for their interest and inviting them to come back and visit her shop. She then mounts the bicycle and rides away, leaving the group standing on the sidewalk.

Timeline:
0:00-0:05: Close-up shot of a white bicycle parked on the side of the road
0:06-0:12: Woman riding the bicycle towards the camera and stopping in front of a graffiti-covered wall
0:13-0:20: Woman dismounting the bicycle and standing next to it, looking at the camera with a confident expression
0:21-0:30: Woman introducing herself as a bike mechanic and showing the group some of her work
0:31-0:35: Group of people standing on the sidewalk, asking the woman about her experience as a mechanic
0:36-0:40: Woman explaining her experience as a mechanic and inviting the group to come back and visit her shop
"0:41-0:45: Woman mounting the bicycle and riding away, leaving the group standing on the sidewalk."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a city street with a graffiti-covered wall in the background. A young man is riding a white bicycle and stops to talk to the camera. He mentions that he is a bike messenger and that he has been doing it for a long time. He also mentions that he has a lot of experience with bikes and that he has been riding them since he was a kid. The video ends with the young man riding away from the camera."

Keywords: city, street, graffiti, wall, bicycle, bike messenger, experience, kid.

Description: The video shows a young man riding a white bicycle down a city street with a graffiti-covered wall in the background. He stops to talk to the camera and mentions that he is a bike messenger and that he has been doing it for a long time. He also mentions that he has a lot of experience with bikes and that he has been riding them since he was a kid. The video ends with the young man riding away from the camera.

"Additional tags: urban, cycling, messenger, experience, kid, graffiti, wall, city street."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a city street with a black and white bike parked on the side. The speaker, a young woman, is standing next to the bike and talking to the camera. She mentions that she is going to ride the bike and that it is a fixed gear bike. The video also shows a car driving by in the background."

The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are:

* Location: city street
* Time: present
"* Events/actions: talking about a bike, mentioning that the bike is a fixed gear bike, and planning to ride the bike."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:00 - 0:05: The camera is focused on a group of people dressed in traditional Chinese clothing, including red and gold outfits, walking in a parade."

0:06 - 0:10: The camera pans to show a man in a black suit and glasses, who is speaking into a microphone.

0:11 - 0:15: The camera shows a crowd of people watching the parade and cheering.

0:16 - 0:20: The camera focuses on a group of people carrying large red and gold umbrellas, which are used to shield themselves from the rain.

0:21 - 0:25: The camera shows a man in a red and gold outfit, who is carrying a large red and gold umbrella, walking in the parade.

0:26 - 0:30: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold lanterns, which are lit and hanging from poles.

0:31 - 0:35: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold drums, which are being played in the parade.

0:36 - 0:40: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold flags, which are being waved in the air.

0:41 - 0:45: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold banners, which are being held up and waved in the parade.

0:46 - 0:50: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold lanterns, which are being lit and hung from poles.

0:51 - 0:55: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold umbrellas, which are being used to shield themselves from the rain.

0:56 - 1:00: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold drums, which are being played in the parade.

1:01 - 1:05: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold flags, which are being waved in the air.

1:06 - 1:10: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold banners, which are being held up and waved in the parade.

1:11 - 1:15: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold lanterns, which are being lit and hung from poles.

1:16 - 1:20: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold umbrellas, which are being used to shield themselves from the rain.

1:21 - 1:25: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold drums, which are being played in the parade.

1:26 - 1:30: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold flags, which are being waved in the air.

1:31 - 1:35: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold banners, which are being held up and waved in the parade.

1:36 - 1:40: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold lanterns, which are being lit and hung from poles.

1:41 - 1:45: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold umbrellas, which are being used to shield themselves from the rain.

1:46 - 1:50: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold drums, which are being played in the parade.

1:51 - 1:55: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold flags, which are being waved in the air.

1:56 - 2:00: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold banners, which are being held up and waved in the parade.

2:01 - 2:05: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold lanterns, which are being lit and hung from poles.

2:06 - 2:10: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold umbrellas, which are being used to shield themselves from the rain.

"2:11 - 2:15: The camera shows a group of people carrying large red and gold drums, which are being played in the"",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" Vancouver, Canada: Chinese New Year parade with performers in traditional costumes and floats."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a city street during a parade or festival. The main spatio-temporal contexts are as follows:"

1. Vancouver, Canada - 00:00-00:10: A group of people in traditional Chinese costumes are seen walking in a parade or festival.
2. Vancouver, Canada - 00:11-00:22: A man in a red suit and a top hat is seen riding in a small car during the parade or festival.
3. Vancouver, Canada - 00:23-00:35: A group of people in traditional Chinese costumes are seen performing a dance routine in the street.
4. Vancouver, Canada - 00:36-00:48: A man in a red suit and a top hat is seen waving to the crowd while riding in a small car during the parade or festival.
5. Vancouver, Canada - 00:49-01:00: A group of people in traditional Chinese costumes are seen performing a dragon dance in the street.

"Therefore, the video shows a parade or festival taking place in Vancouver, Canada, featuring various performances by people in traditional Chinese costumes."",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a man in a white shirt and orange vest standing next to a car with its tire removed. He is holding a bottle of tire sealant and is about to apply it to the tire."

<0:05>-<0:10>: The man is checking the tire for damage.

<0:11>-<0:15>: The man is applying tire sealant to the tire using a brush.

<0:16>-<0:20>: The man is checking the tire pressure with a gauge.

<0:21>-<0:25>: The man is putting the tire back onto the car.

<0:26>-<0:30>: The man is closing the car's trunk.

"The video ends with the man looking at the camera and smiling."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a man in a white shirt and orange vest standing next to a car with its trunk open. He is holding a bottle of tire sealant and using it to fix a puncture in one of the car's tires. The man explains that the sealant is a quick and easy solution for fixing small punctures in car tires. He also mentions that the sealant can be used on both inner and outer tubes, and that it is important to follow the instructions on the label carefully. The man then closes the trunk of the car and drives away."

<place/location>: Car parking lot
"<event/action>: Tire puncture repair using tire sealant."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a parking lot, with the speaker standing next to a car. The speaker is a man wearing an orange safety vest and holding a bottle of tire sealant. He is explaining how to use the sealant to fix a puncture in a car tire. The video starts with the speaker introducing himself and the product, and then demonstrating how to apply the sealant to the tire. The video ends with the speaker thanking the viewer for watching and encouraging them to subscribe to his channel for more helpful tips."

<place/location>: parking lot
<start-timestamp>: 0:00
<end-timestamp>: 0:30
"<event/action>: the speaker explains how to use tire sealant to fix a puncture in a car tire."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video does not provide a clear timeline of events or actions occurring in the video. However, we can observe that there is a white truck driving on a dirt road surrounded by trees. The truck appears to be towing a trailer, and there are people standing near the truck. The video also shows a red car parked on the side of the road."

"At one point, the camera pans to the left, revealing a sign that reads """"private property."""" The video then cuts to a shot of the truck driving away from the camera."

Later in the video, we see the truck driving through a forest, with trees and bushes visible in the background. The truck then stops, and the camera pans to the left, revealing a group of people standing near the truck.

"Overall, the video appears to be a collection of random shots taken while driving through a forest or rural area. There is no clear narrative or storyline, and the events or actions occurring in the video are not clearly connected to one another."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a forest or wooded area. A white truck is driving down a dirt road surrounded by trees. The truck appears to be towing a large trailer, and there are other vehicles and people in the background. The video also shows a sign that reads """"private property"""" and a warning sign that says """"dangerous road ahead."""" The camera then pans to the left, revealing a group of people standing near the road. The video ends with a shot of the sun setting behind the trees."

"Overall, the video appears to be a peaceful and scenic drive through a forest or wooded area. The events depicted in the video are not harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a forest or wooded area. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are:"

1. A dirt road - 0:00-0:06: A white truck is driving down the road.
2. A forest or wooded area - 0:06-0:12: The truck passes by trees and bushes.
3. A clearing in the forest - 0:12-0:18: The truck stops in a clearing, and people get out of the truck.
4. A campsite - 0:18-0:24: The people set up camp in the clearing.
5. A river or stream - 0:24-0:30: The people walk towards the river or stream.

"Therefore, the summary of the video is: A white truck drives down a dirt road in a forest or wooded area, stops in a clearing, and the people set up camp and walk towards a river or stream."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a bicycle wheel spinning in front of a graffiti-covered wall. The camera then pans to reveal a woman sitting on a stool in front of the wheel, wearing a black t-shirt and a headband. She greets the viewer and introduces herself as a BMX rider."

The woman then begins to perform various tricks on the bicycle, including jumping over the wheel and doing wheelies. She also talks about her love for BMX and her passion for riding.

At one point, the woman mentions that she has been riding for 15 years and that she started out as a beginner. She encourages viewers to try out BMX and offers some tips for getting started.

The video ends with the woman thanking the viewer for watching and inviting them to check out her social media channels for more content.

Timeline:
0:00-0:05: Introduction
0:05-0:10: Close-up shot of spinning bicycle wheel
0:10-0:15: Woman sitting on stool, introducing herself as BMX rider
0:15-0:30: Woman performing various BMX tricks on bicycle
0:30-0:40: Woman talking about her love for BMX and her passion for riding
0:40-0:45: Woman mentioning that she has been riding for 15 years and encouraging viewers to try out BMX
"0:45-0:50: Woman thanking the viewer for watching and inviting them to check out her social media channels."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a large, open space with a concrete floor and a graffiti-covered wall. The scene features two people, a man and a woman, who are riding bicycles and performing various tricks and stunts. The man is wearing a black t-shirt and a cap, while the woman is wearing a white t-shirt and a headband. They are both smiling and having fun as they ride their bikes around the space. The video also shows close-up shots of their feet and bicycle wheels as they perform various maneuvers. Overall, the video has a positive and energetic tone, with the two riders showcasing their skills and enjoying themselves in the process."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in an indoor space, possibly a warehouse or a skate park. The time frame is not explicitly stated, but the following events occur:"

1. A person is riding a bicycle and performing tricks, such as jumping over an orange cone.
2. Another person, a woman, is talking to the camera and encouraging the rider.
3. The rider performs a wheelie and then does a handstand on the bike.
4. The woman continues to cheer and provide commentary.
5. The rider performs a backflip on the bike, landing successfully.

"The video showcases the skill and athleticism of the rider, as well as the supportive and encouraging role of the woman. The overall atmosphere is positive and upbeat."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['park']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a man and a woman standing next to a car in a parking lot. The man is holding a tire iron and the woman is holding a tire. They are discussing the condition of the tire and the man suggests replacing it."

At around 0:15, the man removes the lug nuts and takes off the tire. He then inspects the rim and notices that it is bent. He also mentions that the tire is old and needs to be replaced.

At around 0:30, the man and the woman discuss the cost of a new tire and decide to purchase one from a nearby store. They put the tire back on the car and tighten the lug nuts.

The video ends with the man and the woman getting into the car and driving away.

Timeline:
0:00-0:15: Discussing the condition of the tire
0:15-0:30: Removing the tire and inspecting the rim
"0:30-end: Purchasing a new tire and putting it back on the car."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a parking lot. A group of people are gathered around a car, and one person is checking the tire pressure of the vehicle. Another person is holding a tire iron and appears to be preparing to change a tire. The group seems to be having a casual conversation while they work on the car. There is no indication of any danger or harm in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a parking lot, with a group of people gathered around a car. They are trying to remove a tire from the car, but it is stuck. The people are discussing different methods to remove the tire, and one person suggests using a jack to lift the car. They continue to work on the tire, with some people holding the jack and others trying to remove the lug nuts. The video ends with the tire still stuck on the car."

<place/location>: parking lot
<start-timestamp>: 0:00
<end-timestamp>: 0:30
"<event/action>: group of people trying to remove a tire from a car using a jack and other methods."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:00 - The host introduces a segment about a dog named obie."

0:10 - The host shows a picture of obie, a dachshund, and mentions that he is the world's largest dachshund.

0:15 - The host introduces the owner of obie, who is sitting next to him.

0:20 - The owner talks about how obie came into his life and how he has grown over the years.

0:30 - The host asks the owner about obie's diet and exercise routine.

0:45 - The owner talks about how obie's diet consists of a high-calorie, high-protein diet, and how he gets plenty of exercise by going on walks and playing with other dogs.

1:00 - The host asks the owner about any health issues obie has had and how he has dealt with them.

1:15 - The owner talks about how obie has had some health issues, including hip dysplasia and arthritis, but that he has been able to manage them with medication and regular exercise.

1:30 - The host thanks the owner for coming on the show and for sharing information about obie.

"1:45 - The host wraps up the segment and moves on to the next topic."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a studio setting, where a group of people are gathered around a table with a large dog on it. The dog is being discussed and evaluated by the group, with some expressing concern about its size and others praising its appearance. The dog appears to be a dachshund, and the group seems to be discussing its potential as a pet or companion animal. The video also shows the dog being fed from a bowl, and the group appears to be discussing its dietary needs and preferences. Overall, the video conveys a sense of excitement and curiosity about the dog, as well as a desire to learn more about its characteristics and behavior."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a studio setting, with a dog named obie being presented on a television show. The dog is a dachshund and is being discussed by a group of people, including a man and a woman. The dog is shown eating from a bowl, and the man and woman are seen interacting with the dog. The video does not provide any specific information about the time or location of the recording."

Therefore, the summary is:

"Studio- <no specific location>- <no specific timestamp>: A group of people, including a man and a woman, discuss and interact with a dachshund named obie on a television show. The dog is shown eating from a bowl."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a man and a woman standing next to each other, holding bicycles. The man is wearing a black shirt and the woman is wearing a gray shirt. They both have helmets on their heads."

The man then puts his bike down and the woman does the same. They both look at the camera and smile.

Next, the man picks up his bike and starts pedaling it backwards. The woman watches him and laughs.

The man then puts his bike down again and the woman does the same. They both look at the camera and smile.

The man then picks up his bike and starts pedaling it forwards. The woman watches him and smiles.

The video ends with the man and the woman standing next to each other, holding their bikes and looking at the camera.

Timeline:
0:00-0:05: The man and the woman are standing next to each other, holding their bikes.
0:05-0:10: The man puts his bike down and the woman does the same.
0:10-0:15: The man pedals his bike backwards and the woman watches him and laughs.
0:15-0:20: The man puts his bike down again and the woman does the same.
0:20-0:25: The man pedals his bike forwards and the woman watches him and smiles.
"0:25-0:30: The video ends with the man and the woman standing next to each other, holding their bikes and looking at the camera."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, a man and a woman are standing in front of a wall with bicycle wheels on it. The man is holding a white bicycle and the woman is wearing a gray t-shirt. The man is adjusting the brakes on the bicycle and the woman is looking at him. The video then cuts to a close-up of the bicycle's handlebars and the man is seen tightening the screws on the handlebars. The video then cuts back to the man and woman, and they are both smiling at the camera. The video ends with a shot of the bicycle leaning against the wall."

"Overall, the video is about a man and woman adjusting the brakes on a bicycle in front of a wall with bicycle wheels on it. The video is positive in nature and does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a bike shop. A man and a woman are standing in front of a wall with bicycle wheels displayed on it. The man is adjusting the brakes on a bicycle, while the woman is looking at him. The man then turns to the camera and says, """"this is the zach brake, it's a really cool brake that's really easy to install."""" The video then shows a close-up of the brake and the man explaining how it works. The video ends with the man and woman smiling at the camera."

<los angeles-00:00:05-00:00:15>: the man adjusts the brakes on a bicycle
<los angeles-00:00:16-00:00:30>: the man explains the zach brake to the woman
"<los angeles-00:00:31-00:00:45>: the man and woman smile at the camera."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:05 - The camera focuses on a man sitting at a table in a restaurant."
0:10 - The man takes a bite of a sandwich and chews it.
0:15 - The man looks at the camera and smiles.
0:18 - The man puts down his sandwich and picks up a fork.
0:21 - The man takes a bite of a piece of chicken and chews it.
0:25 - The man looks at the camera and smiles again.
0:28 - The man puts down his fork and picks up a piece of bread.
0:31 - The man takes a bite of the bread and chews it.
0:35 - The man looks at the camera and nods.
0:38 - The camera zooms out and shows the man sitting at the table in the restaurant.
0:41 - The man looks at the camera and waves goodbye.

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

0:05-0:10: The man takes a bite of a sandwich.
0:15-0:18: The man looks at the camera and smiles.
0:18-0:21: The man picks up a fork and takes a bite of a piece of chicken.
0:25-0:28: The man looks at the camera and smiles again.
0:31-0:35: The man takes a bite of a piece of bread.
"0:38-0:41: The man looks at the camera and waves goodbye."",0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a restaurant or cafe. The speaker, a man with a beard, is sitting at a table and talking about the food he is eating. He mentions that the food is delicious and that he is enjoying it. He also mentions that the food is served on a wooden cutting board and that there are other dishes on the table as well. The speaker then takes a bite of the food and makes a satisfied noise. The video ends with the speaker looking up and smiling at the camera."

"Overall, the video conveys a positive and enjoyable atmosphere. The speaker's enthusiasm for the food suggests that the restaurant or cafe is a good place to eat and that the food is of high quality. The use of a wooden cutting board and other dishes on the table adds to the visual appeal of the video and further reinforces the idea that the place is a nice and welcoming environment."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a restaurant. The speaker, a man with a beard, is sitting at a table and talking about a dish he is about to eat. He describes the dish as having a crispy exterior and a juicy interior, and mentions that it is served with pickles and a side of greens. The man then takes a bite of the dish and expresses his satisfaction with it."

1. Restaurant-00:00-00:10: The man is sitting at a table in a restaurant.
2. Restaurant-00:10-00:20: The man describes the dish he is about to eat.
"3. Restaurant-00:20-00:30: The man takes a bite of the dish and expresses his satisfaction with it."",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a beehive with bees flying around it. The narrator explains that the bees are preparing for winter by storing honey and pollen in their hive."

At around 0:15, the narrator shows a person wearing a beekeeping suit and gloves, approaching the beehive with a smoker. The person then opens the hive and removes the frames, revealing the honeycomb inside.

At around 0:30, the narrator explains that the bees have produced a new queen, and the old queen has been removed from the hive. The new queen is then placed in a new hive, along with some worker bees.

At around 0:45, the narrator shows the bees flying around the hive, and explains that they are busy collecting nectar and pollen from flowers. The video ends with a shot of the beehive, with bees flying around it.

"Overall, the video provides an interesting insight into the life cycle of bees and the process of beekeeping. It also highlights the importance of honeybees for pollination and the production of honey."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a beekeeper opening a beehive and checking on the progress of the bees. The bees are seen swarming around the hive and the beekeeper explains that they have been there for about a week. The bees are also seen flying around the hive and the beekeeper mentions that they are preparing for the winter. The video also shows the beekeeper removing some honeycomb from the hive and placing it in a container. Overall, the video provides a glimpse into the life of bees and the work of a beekeeper."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a forest, with a close-up shot of a beehive. A person's hand is seen opening the hive and removing a piece of wood, revealing a swarm of bees inside. The person then closes the hive and walks away."

Therefore, the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are:

* Forest- unknown start-timestamp- unknown end-timestamp: Person opens beehive and removes piece of wood.
* Beehive- unknown start-timestamp- unknown end-timestamp: Swarm of bees visible inside hive.
"* Person- unknown start-timestamp- unknown end-timestamp: Person closes hive and walks away."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:00-0:05: The news anchor introduces the segment."

0:05-0:10: The news anchor explains that they are reporting from a bee farm.

0:10-0:15: The news anchor shows footage of bees in a hive.

0:15-0:20: The news anchor explains that the bee farm is located in a rural area.

0:20-0:25: The news anchor shows footage of the beekeeper wearing a protective suit and working with the bees.

0:25-0:30: The news anchor explains that the beekeeper is using a smoker to calm the bees.

0:30-0:35: The news anchor shows footage of the beekeeper extracting honey from the hive.

0:35-0:40: The news anchor explains that the honey is used to make honey products such as honeycomb and honey butter.

"0:40-0:45: The news anchor thanks the viewer for watching and signs off the segment."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a rural area, possibly a farm or ranch. The speaker, who is wearing a yellow raincoat and a hat, is giving a tour of the property and discussing the various animals and structures on the land. At one point, the speaker mentions that they have a beekeeping operation and shows the viewer a hive. The video also shows footage of chickens, goats, and other animals roaming freely on the property. The speaker emphasizes the importance of sustainability and self-sufficiency in rural areas. Overall, the video provides a glimpse into the daily life of a rural community and the various agricultural and animal husbandry practices that take place there."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a rural area, possibly a farm or ranch. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are as follows:"

1. A news reporter and camera crew are on location, likely reporting on a story.
2. The reporter interviews a man wearing a beekeeping suit and hat, who is standing in front of a beehive.
3. The man explains that he has been stung by bees multiple times and has developed a tolerance to their venom.
4. The reporter asks the man about his beekeeping practices and he explains that he uses a smoker to calm the bees before harvesting honey.
5. The man opens the beehive and removes frames filled with honeycomb.
6. The reporter asks the man about the importance of bees in the ecosystem and he explains that they are essential pollinators for many crops.
7. The video ends with the reporter thanking the man for his time and expertise.

"Overall, the video provides an interesting look into the world of beekeeping and the important role that bees play in agriculture."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video does not provide a clear timeline of events or actions occurring in the video. However, we can observe that a group of people are walking in the snow, and one person is holding a car key. It is unclear what the event or action is that they are referring to."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, a group of people are walking in the snow, and one of them is holding onto the hood of a car. The car appears to be damaged, and the people are trying to push it out of the snow. It is unclear what caused the damage to the car or why the people are trying to move it. The video does not provide any context or explanation for the events taking place."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a snowy forest. A group of people, including a man and a woman, are walking through the snow. The man is holding a camera and filming the scene. The woman is wearing a red hoodie and is carrying a backpack. They appear to be on a hike or a camping trip."

At one point, the man falls into the snow and the woman helps him up. They continue walking through the forest, with the man filming the scenery around them.

"The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video does not provide a clear timeline of events or actions. However, we can identify the following:"

"0:00 - A man is holding a sign that reads """"silence is betrayal."""""
0:05 - The man is surrounded by a group of people.
0:10 - The man starts to speak, but his words are not clear.
0:15 - The man raises his hand and points to someone in the crowd.
0:20 - The man is interrupted by someone in the crowd.
0:25 - The man continues to speak, but his words are still not clear.
0:30 - The video ends.

"Therefore, it is not possible to provide a detailed description of the events or actions occurring in the video based on the provided information."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a group of people gathered in a place, some of them holding signs and protesting. One person is lying on the ground, while others are standing around him. It is not clear what the protest is about, but it appears to be peaceful. The people are wearing various clothing items, including t-shirts, hats, and jackets. Some of them are holding flags, while others are holding signs with messages written on them. The overall atmosphere is one of solidarity and unity."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a public area, possibly a park or a street. The main event in the video is a group of people holding signs and protesting. The exact time and location of the protest are not mentioned in the video, but it appears to be taking place during the daytime."

"At the beginning of the video, a man is seen lying on the ground with his arms raised in the air. He is holding a sign that reads """"silence is betrayal."""" The man is surrounded by a group of people who are also holding signs and chanting."

The camera then pans to show other people in the crowd, some of whom are wearing masks and others are wearing hats or sunglasses. The crowd appears to be diverse in terms of age, gender, and ethnicity.

The video also shows some close-up shots of the signs being held by the protesters. Some of the signs have messages that are critical of the government or specific political figures. Other signs have more general messages about social justice, equality, and human rights.

"Overall, the video appears to be documenting a peaceful protest or demonstration. The exact cause or issue being protested is not clear, but the protesters seem to be expressing their dissatisfaction with the current political situation in a non-violent and respectful manner."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['park']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:00 - The veterinarian introduces himself and explains that he will be performing a procedure on a dog."

"0:10 - The veterinarian explains that the dog has a condition called """"dental disease,"""" which is common in dogs and can lead to heart disease if left untreated."

0:20 - The veterinarian explains that the procedure involves cleaning the dog's teeth and removing any tartar buildup.

0:30 - The veterinarian puts on a pair of gloves and begins the procedure by examining the dog's mouth.

0:45 - The veterinarian uses a scalpel to remove any excess tissue from the dog's gums.

1:00 - The veterinarian uses a dental tool to clean the dog's teeth and remove any tartar buildup.

1:15 - The veterinarian applies a topical anesthetic to the dog's gums to make the procedure more comfortable for the dog.

1:30 - The veterinarian uses a dental drill to remove any remaining tartar buildup from the dog's teeth.

1:45 - The veterinarian applies a fluoride treatment to the dog's teeth to help prevent future dental disease.

2:00 - The veterinarian explains that the procedure is important for the dog's overall health and well-being.

"2:15 - The veterinarian thanks the dog for being a good patient and allows it to go home with its owner."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, a veterinarian is examining a golden retriever dog in a veterinary clinic. The veterinarian is checking the dog's ears and applying ear drops. The dog seems to be calm and cooperative during the examination. The veterinarian explains that the dog has an ear infection and needs to be treated with ear drops. The video also shows the veterinarian talking to the dog's owner and explaining the treatment plan. Overall, the video shows a routine veterinary examination and treatment of a dog's ear infection."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a veterinary clinic. A man in a white coat is examining a golden retriever dog. He applies ear drops to the dog's ears and then pets the dog. The man explains that he is using a product called """"vetquinol ear drops"""" to help the dog with ear infections. The man also mentions that the dog has a """"little bit of an ear infection"""" and that the drops will help to clear it up. The video ends with the man petting the dog and thanking the viewer for watching."

Overall, the video is about a veterinarian examining and treating a dog's ear infection. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are:

* Veterinary clinic-0:00-0:25: The video takes place in a veterinary clinic.
* Man in white coat-0:00-0:25: The man in the white coat is the veterinarian examining the dog.
* Golden retriever dog-0:00-0:25: The dog is a golden retriever.
* Ear infection-0:10-0:15: The dog has an ear infection.
"* Vetquinol ear drops-0:15-0:25: The veterinarian uses """"vetquinol ear drops"""" to help clear up the dog's ear infection."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows an airplane taking off from an airport runway, with trees and buildings visible in the background. The exact timeline of events in the video is not provided, but we can assume that the airplane is preparing for takeoff and then lifting off the ground."

<start-timestamp>0:00-0:05:</start-timestamp>: The airplane is taxiing on the runway.

<start-timestamp>0:06-0:10:</start-timestamp>: The airplane begins to take off, with its wheels leaving the ground.

<start-timestamp>0:11-0:15:</start-timestamp>: The airplane gains altitude and begins to climb into the sky.

"<end-timestamp>0:15</end-timestamp>"",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" A large airplane is landing on a runway at an airport. The sun is setting in the background, casting a warm glow over the scene. The plane touches down smoothly and comes to a stop on the tarmac."

Additionally, there are trees and other vegetation visible in the foreground and background, adding to the natural beauty of the setting. The video also shows the plane's wings and engines as it taxis along the runway.

"Overall, this video captures the peaceful and serene atmosphere of an airport at sunset, with the added excitement of a plane landing."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows an airplane taking off from an airport runway, with a city skyline visible in the background. The time of day is sunset."

"<moscow, russia>-16:30-16:45: an airplane takes off from the runway."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a paraglider flying over a mountainous landscape with a blue lake in the background. The paraglider descends towards the lake, providing a bird's-eye view of the surrounding area."

0:00-0:05: The paraglider takes off from a cliff and starts flying over the mountains.

0:06-0:10: The paraglider passes over a green valley with a river flowing through it.

0:11-0:15: The paraglider approaches a lake, and the pilot prepares for landing.

0:16-0:20: The paraglider lands smoothly on the shore of the lake, and the pilot safely exits the paraglider.

0:21-0:25: The pilot walks away from the paraglider, leaving the scene.

"The video showcases the beauty of the Norwegian landscape and the thrill of paragliding. It is a must-watch for adventure enthusiasts and nature lovers."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a paraglider flying over a mountainous area with a blue lake in the background. The paraglider flies close to the cliff edge, providing a breathtaking view of the landscape below. The video also shows the paraglider landing safely on a grassy area. Overall, the video captures the thrill and excitement of paragliding in a beautiful natural setting."

<place/location>: Paragliding over a mountainous area with a blue lake in the background.
"<event/action>: Flying close to the cliff edge, providing a breathtaking view of the landscape below. Landing safely on a grassy area."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a paraglider flying over a mountain range, with a view of a fjord and a lake below. The paraglider flies over the mountains, providing a bird's-eye view of the landscape. The video starts at 0:00 and ends at 0:13."

Location: Norway
Start timestamp: 0:00
End timestamp: 0:13
"Event/action: Paragliding over mountains and fjords in Norway."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a brown bear sitting on a tree branch and eating leaves. The bear then climbs down the tree and walks away. The video ends with the bear disappearing from view."

Approximate timeline:
<0:00-0:05>: Close-up shot of a brown bear eating leaves on a tree branch
<0:05-0:10>: Bear climbs down the tree and walks away
<0:10-0:15>: End of video with the bear disappearing from view.

"Note: The exact duration of each event/action may vary slightly depending on the specific video being referenced."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a zoo, specifically in a bear enclosure. The bears are seen climbing trees and playing with each other. One bear is seen eating leaves from a tree, while another bear is seen standing on a branch and looking around. The bears appear to be enjoying their time in the enclosure and interacting with their environment. The video is filmed in a clear and bright setting, with the sun shining down on the bears and the trees in the background. Overall, the video showcases the natural behavior and playful nature of these magnificent animals."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows two brown bears playing and interacting with each other in a forested area. The bears are seen climbing trees, eating leaves, and exploring their surroundings. The video takes place in a natural habitat, possibly in a national park or wildlife reserve. The time frame for the video is not explicitly stated, but it appears to be during a sunny day based on the lighting conditions. The bears' behavior suggests that they are in a healthy and thriving environment, providing a positive and uplifting viewing experience."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['park']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a group of people riding bicycles on an outdoor track at night. The camera then shows a close-up view of one of the riders as they pedal their bike around the track. The video continues to show the riders as they navigate the track, with some of them performing stunts and tricks."

At around the 0:30 mark, the camera shows a group of people gathered around a table, possibly at a post-race event. The video then cuts back to the track, where the riders continue to ride and perform stunts.

At around the 1:00 mark, the camera shows a close-up view of one of the riders as they approach a jump, followed by a shot of the rider successfully landing the jump. The video continues to show the riders as they ride around the track, with some of them performing tricks and stunts.

At around the 1:30 mark, the camera shows a shot of the sun rising over the track, indicating that the event is coming to an end. The video then cuts to a shot of the riders gathered around the table, possibly for an awards ceremony.

"Overall, the video shows a group of people participating in a nighttime bicycle race or event, with a focus on the riders and their performances on the track."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in an outdoor basketball court at night. A group of people are riding bicycles on the court, and one person is playing basketball. The camera captures the action from different angles, and the riders are wearing helmets and protective gear. The video also shows the reflection of the lights on the ground and the surrounding trees. Overall, the video conveys a sense of excitement and energy."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in an outdoor basketball court at night. A group of people are riding bicycles on the court, and one person is performing tricks on a BMX bike. The camera follows the riders as they circle the court, and the video ends with a close-up of a person's face as they ride their bike."

<place/location>: outdoor basketball court
<start-timestamp>: not provided
<end-timestamp>: not provided
"<event/action>: people riding bicycles on a basketball court at night."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a bus driving through a narrow, rocky passageway. The bus appears to be navigating the tight space carefully, as it passes through the opening."

<start-timestamp>0:05-0:08:</start-timestamp>: The bus enters the narrow passageway.

<start-timestamp>0:10-0:13:</start-timestamp>: The bus continues to drive through the passageway, with the rocks and walls of the canyon visible on either side.

<start-timestamp>0:15-0:18:</start-timestamp>: The bus emerges from the passageway and continues on its journey.

"The video does not provide any additional context or information about the location or purpose of the bus's journey. However, it does show the bus successfully navigating the narrow, rocky passageway, demonstrating its ability to maneuver in challenging terrain."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a bus driving through a narrow, rocky passageway in a mountainous area. The bus appears to be navigating the tight space with caution, as it maneuvers around sharp turns and steep inclines. The video also shows the bus's passengers looking out the windows at the stunning scenery surrounding them. Overall, the video captures the excitement and adventure of traveling through a beautiful and challenging natural environment."

<place/location>: A narrow, rocky passageway in a mountainous area
"<event/action>: A bus navigates the tight space with caution, maneuvering around sharp turns and steep inclines while its passengers look out the windows at the stunning scenery surrounding them."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a bus driving through a narrow, rocky passage in a mountainous area. The bus appears to be on a tour or excursion, and the passengers can be seen looking out of the windows at the scenic surroundings. The video does not provide any specific information about the location or the time of day, but it appears to be taking place in a natural environment."

Here is a possible summary of the video:

Location: Mountainous area
Start timestamp: N/A
End timestamp: N/A
Event/action: Bus driving through a narrow, rocky passage in a mountainous area.

"The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video does not provide a clear timeline or sequence of events. However, it shows a person walking on a dirt road in a rural area, possibly in Australia, while wearing sandals. The person appears to be exploring the environment and taking in the surroundings. The video also includes footage of clouds in the sky."

"There is no specific event or action mentioned in the video, but it may depict a leisurely walk or an exploration of the natural environment. The video's focus is on the person's journey and the scenery around them."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" <australia>: A person walks on a dry, red soil field under a cloudy sky. The person wears sandals and walks towards the horizon. The video captures the person's perspective as they walk, providing a first-person view of the landscape. The video is filmed in a handheld style, creating a sense of immersion and exploration. The person's footsteps can be heard in the background, adding to the overall atmosphere of the video. The video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person walking on a dry, red soil field with a cloudy sky in the background. The person wears sandals and walks towards the camera. The video does not provide any specific information about the location or time."

Therefore, the summary would be:

"Dry soil field-unknown start-timestamp-unknown end-timestamp: Person walks towards the camera wearing sandals."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:05-0:10: People are gathered around a car that has crashed into a barrier."

0:11-0:15: A man in a blue shirt is seen pushing the car away from the barrier.

0:16-0:20: A group of people are seen standing around the car, looking at it.

0:21-0:25: A man in a red shirt is seen approaching the car and looking at it.

0:26-0:30: A man in a green shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

0:31-0:35: A man in a yellow shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

0:36-0:40: A man in a blue shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

0:41-0:45: A man in a red shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

0:46-0:50: A man in a green shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

0:51-0:55: A man in a yellow shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

0:56-1:00: A man in a blue shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

1:01-1:05: A man in a red shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

1:06-1:10: A man in a green shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

1:11-1:15: A man in a yellow shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

1:16-1:20: A man in a blue shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

1:21-1:25: A man in a red shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

1:26-1:30: A man in a green shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

1:31-1:35: A man in a yellow shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

1:36-1:40: A man in a blue shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

1:41-1:45: A man in a red shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

1:46-1:50: A man in a green shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

1:51-1:55: A man in a yellow shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

1:56-2:00: A man in a blue shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

2:01-2:05: A man in a red shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

2:06-2:10: A man in a green shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

2:11-2:15: A man in a yellow shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

2:16-2:20: A man in a blue shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

2:21-2:25: A man in a red shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

2:26-2:30: A man in a green shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

2:31-2:35: A man in a yellow shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

2:36-2:40: A man in a blue shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

2:41-2:45: A man in a red shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

2:46-2:50: A man in a green shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

2:51-2:55: A man in a yellow shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

2:56-3:00: A man in a blue shirt is seen standing near the car, looking at it.

"3:01-3:05: A man in a red shirt"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, we see a group of people gathered around a car that has crashed into a railroad crossing. The car appears to be severely damaged, with debris scattered around the scene. Some people are trying to help the driver, while others are taking pictures or filming the incident. A crane is also present, suggesting that the car may need to be lifted off the tracks. Overall, it appears to be a chaotic and confusing situation."

<place/location>: A railroad crossing
"<event/action>: A car crashes into the crossing, causing damage and debris. People gather around the scene to help and document the incident. A crane is present to lift the car off the tracks."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a city or town, possibly in Russia, as evidenced by the presence of a train track and a train crossing. The time frame is not explicitly stated, but the video appears to capture a series of events that unfold over a short period."

The video begins with a car driving on a road, approaching a train crossing. The driver appears to be unaware of the approaching train, as he does not stop or slow down. The train then collides with the car, causing it to be pushed onto the train tracks.

A group of people, possibly emergency responders, gather around the scene of the accident. They appear to be assessing the damage and providing assistance to the driver. The video also shows a crane lifting the damaged car off the train tracks.

"Overall, the video captures a dangerous situation in which a car collides with a train, causing damage to both vehicles and potentially putting people at risk. The video highlights the importance of paying attention to train crossings and following traffic rules to ensure safety."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a chef cooking food on a hot plate in a restaurant. The chef is seen preparing and cooking various dishes, including vegetables and meat, using a spatula and other kitchen tools. The food is cooked on a large, flat grill, and the chef appears focused and skilled in their cooking. The video captures the chef's attention to detail and their ability to create visually appealing and delicious dishes."

Here is a possible timeline of events in the video:

0:00-0:05: The video begins with a close-up shot of a chef cooking food on a hot plate in a restaurant.

0:05-0:10: The chef is seen using a spatula to flip and cook various dishes, including vegetables and meat.

0:10-0:15: The camera pans to show the chef's hands and the food being cooked on the hot plate.

0:15-0:20: The chef adds sauce to the food being cooked, enhancing its flavor and appearance.

0:20-0:25: The camera focuses on the food being cooked, highlighting its visual appeal and the chef's skill in preparing and cooking it.

0:25-0:30: The video ends with a close-up shot of the chef's hands and the food being served to customers.

"Overall, the video showcases the chef's expertise and the restaurant's commitment to providing high-quality, visually appealing, and delicious dishes to its customers."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In the video, a chef is seen cooking food on a hot plate in a restaurant. The chef uses various ingredients, including vegetables and meat, to prepare the dishes. The video showcases the chef's skill and expertise as they cook the food, creating an enjoyable dining experience for the customers. The restaurant appears to be a high-end establishment, with a focus on quality and presentation. The video captures the atmosphere of the restaurant and the interaction between the chef and the customers. Overall, the video highlights the art of cooking and the enjoyment of a delicious meal."

<place/location>: cooking food on a hot plate in a restaurant
"<event/action>: chef preparing dishes using various ingredients, including vegetables and meat, on a hot plate in a high-end restaurant. The video captures the interaction between the chef and the customers, creating an enjoyable dining experience."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a chef cooking various dishes, including vegetables and meat, on a teppanyaki grill in a restaurant. The chef uses a spatula to flip and cook the food, creating a visually appealing and engaging experience for the diners. The video captures the chef's skill and precision as they prepare the dishes, showcasing the art of teppanyaki cooking."

The video takes place in a restaurant, specifically at a teppanyaki grill. The start timestamp is around 0:05, and the end timestamp is approximately 0:30. The main event in the video is the chef cooking the food on the grill, demonstrating their expertise and the unique cooking style of teppanyaki.

"Overall, the video offers an enjoyable and visually captivating experience, highlighting the skills and artistry of the chef and the unique atmosphere of a teppanyaki restaurant."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video does not provide a clear timeline of events or actions occurring in the footage. However, we can observe that the camera pans up to reveal the Eiffel Tower in Paris, France. Additionally, there are people walking on the street and in the park, and there are cars driving by. The video also shows a boat on the river Seine. Overall, the video appears to be a scenic tour of the city."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video is about the Eiffel Tower in Paris, France. The camera pans up and around the tower, showing its intricate structure and the surrounding area. People are seen walking around the base of the tower, taking pictures, and enjoying the view. The video also shows the Seine River and the surrounding cityscape. The camera then tilts up to show the blue sky and clouds. Overall, the video captures the beauty and majesty of the Eiffel Tower and the vibrant atmosphere of Paris."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,1,1,['the seine river']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in Paris, France, with the Eiffel Tower as the main landmark. The video starts with a view of the Eiffel Tower from a distance, with people walking around the area. The camera then moves closer to the tower, showing its intricate structure and the crowds of tourists. The video ends with a shot of the tower against a blue sky."

"Therefore, the summary of the video is: Paris, France-00:00-00:30: People walking around the Eiffel Tower area. Paris, France-00:31-00:59: Close-up shots of the Eiffel Tower and the crowds of tourists."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,1,1,['eiffel tower']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a group of people standing on the shore of a river. At around 0:15, a large excavator approaches the shore and begins to load people onto its bucket. The people are then lifted up and transported across the river. At around 0:30, the excavator dips into the water and the people are submerged in the water before being lifted back up. The video ends with the excavator transporting the people back to the shore."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

0:00-0:15: People standing on the shore of a river
0:15-0:30: Excavator loads people onto its bucket and transports them across the river
0:30: Excavator dips into the water and the people are submerged in the water before being lifted back up
"0:35: Excavator transports the people back to the shore."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a group of people being rescued from a flooded area by a large yellow excavator. The people are seen climbing onto the excavator's bucket, which is being lowered into the water. They appear to be carrying bags and other belongings with them. The excavator then lifts them out of the water and onto solid ground. It is unclear where this event is taking place, but it appears to be in a rural or remote location. The people in the video are dressed in various clothing items, including jackets and hats, indicating that it may be cold outside. Overall, the video shows a successful rescue operation in a challenging environment."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" This video takes place in a river or body of water, with a group of people being transported by a large excavator or crane. The event occurs around the start of the video, as the excavator lowers the people into the water. The exact location and time are not specified in the video."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a group of people participating in a water slide event in a mountainous area. The timeline of the events is as follows:"

0:00-0:05: People gather around the water slide.

0:06-0:10: The water slide is inflated and prepared for use.

0:11-0:15: The first person rides the water slide and lands safely in the water below.

0:16-0:20: The second person rides the water slide and also lands safely in the water.

0:21-0:25: The third person rides the water slide and experiences difficulty landing safely in the water.

0:26-0:30: The fourth person rides the water slide and successfully lands in the water.

0:31-0:35: The fifth person rides the water slide and experiences a more challenging ride, but ultimately lands safely in the water.

0:36-0:40: The sixth person rides the water slide and experiences a thrilling ride, resulting in a splash upon landing in the water.

"Overall, the video showcases the excitement and enjoyment of participating in a water slide event in a scenic outdoor setting."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In the video, a group of people can be seen enjoying a day at a mountain resort. They participate in various activities, including sliding down a large inflatable slide. The slide is located on a grassy hill, surrounded by trees and a beautiful mountainous backdrop. The group appears to be having a fun and exciting time, laughing and enjoying each other's company. The video showcases the joy and camaraderie of the group as they engage in this thrilling and memorable experience."

<place/location>: Mountain resort
"<event/action>: Sliding down an inflatable slide"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a group of people participating in a water slide event in a mountainous area. The event takes place on a grassy hillside with a blue water slide. The video captures the excitement and joy of the participants as they slide down the hill on the water slide. The event occurs in a scenic location, surrounded by green hills and a clear blue sky."

The video starts at approximately 0:00 and ends at around 0:15. During this time, the participants can be seen getting ready for the water slide, lining up, and then sliding down the hill on the water slide. The video also shows the participants laughing and enjoying themselves, creating a lively and fun atmosphere.

"Overall, the video provides an entertaining and visually appealing depiction of a water slide event in a beautiful outdoor setting. It showcases the excitement and joy of the participants as they slide down the hill on the water slide, creating a memorable experience for all involved."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:00-0:05: Children are seen playing in a yard with leaves."

0:06-0:10: A woman is seen walking towards the children.

0:11-0:15: The woman picks up a leaf and throws it to the children.

0:16-0:20: The children run after the leaf and pick it up.

0:21-0:25: The woman throws another leaf to the children, and they continue to play with it.

"0:26-0:30: The children are seen running around the yard, laughing and playing with the leaves."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a backyard with children playing in the leaves. They are seen running around and having fun. The children are also seen playing with a dog, and one child is seen jumping into a pile of leaves. The video ends with the children running away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a residential area, specifically in a backyard. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are as follows:"

1. 0:00-0:05: The video starts with a group of children playing in a backyard, throwing leaves into the air.
2. 0:06-0:10: The children continue to play in the backyard, with one child running towards the camera.
3. 0:11-0:15: The children gather around a pile of leaves, with one child jumping into the pile.
4. 0:16-0:20: The children continue to play in the backyard, with one child throwing a leaf at the camera.
5. 0:21-0:25: The children gather around a car parked in the driveway, with one child sitting on the hood of the car.
6. 0:26-0:30: The children continue to play in the backyard, with one child running towards the camera.

"Overall, the video shows a group of children playing in a backyard on a sunny day. They are throwing leaves into the air, jumping into piles of leaves, and playing around a car parked in the driveway."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video does not provide a clear timeline of events or actions. However, we can observe that the camera is moving around the exterior of a large, ornate building with gothic architecture. The building appears to be a church or cathedral, and there are several statues and carvings visible on the exterior. The camera also pans up to reveal the tall spires and intricate details of the building's facade."

At one point, the camera zooms in on a large statue of a saint or religious figure, and we can see the details of the statue's face and clothing. The lighting in the scene is soft and warm, creating a peaceful and serene atmosphere.

"Overall, the video is a visually stunning and peaceful exploration of the exterior of a beautiful and historic building."",1,1,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" Notre-Dame Cathedral, Paris: The camera pans up the exterior of the cathedral, revealing intricate carvings and statues on the facade. The video then shows the interior of the cathedral, with the camera panning across the ornate architecture and stained glass windows. The video ends with a close-up view of the altar and the statue of the Virgin Mary."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video is filmed in front of the Notre-Dame cathedral in Paris, France. The camera pans up and reveals the intricate details of the cathedral's facade, including its gargoyles and statues. The video also shows people walking around the area, and the sun setting behind the cathedral."

There is no specific event or action mentioned in the video, but the main focus is on the beautiful architecture of the Notre-Dame cathedral. The video provides a visually stunning representation of the cathedral and its surroundings, making it an excellent choice for anyone interested in history, architecture, or travel.

"Therefore, the summary of the video would be: Paris, France- 16:30- 17:15: The camera pans up to reveal the intricate details of the Notre-Dame cathedral's facade, including its gargoyles and statues, while people walk around the area and the sun sets behind the cathedral."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" Unfortunately, there is no video provided in the given context for me to analyze and provide a timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Please provide the video for further analysis."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a grassy area with large stones scattered around. It is not clear what is happening in the video, but it appears that there may be some construction or excavation taking place in the background. The video is filmed from a low angle, giving a blurry and distorted view of the scene. It is important to note that the video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a grassy area with two large, circular objects in the foreground. It is not clear what the objects are or what they are doing, but they appear to be stationary. The video does not provide any context or information about the location or time of the footage. Therefore, it is not possible to provide a summary of the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a group of people standing on a rocky outcropping near a waterfall. At around 0:10, a man jumps off the rock and swims towards the waterfall. Another man follows suit and jumps off the rock, also swimming towards the waterfall. At around 0:20, a woman jumps off the rock and swims towards the waterfall as well. The video ends with the group of people enjoying the waterfall and swimming in the pool below it."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

0:00-0:10: Group of people standing on a rocky outcropping near a waterfall.

0:10-0:20: Man 1 jumps off the rock and swims towards the waterfall.

0:15-0:20: Man 2 jumps off the rock and swims towards the waterfall.

0:20-0:30: Woman jumps off the rock and swims towards the waterfall.

"Overall, the video shows a group of people having fun and enjoying the natural beauty of a waterfall."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place at a waterfall in a lush green forest. A group of people can be seen swimming and jumping into the water from a rocky ledge. Some individuals are standing on the bridge above the waterfall, while others are swimming and playing in the water below. The atmosphere is joyful and carefree, with people enjoying the natural beauty of the location."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a lush green forest with a rocky cliff and a small waterfall. A group of people can be seen swimming and jumping into the water from the cliff. At one point, a man jumps off the bridge into the water, while another man stands on the bridge watching. The video also shows a group of people gathered on the rocks near the waterfall, enjoying the scenic surroundings."

The video is set in a natural environment, likely in a tropical location. The main events in the video include people swimming and jumping into the water, as well as a man jumping off the bridge. The video captures the excitement and joy of spending time in nature with friends and family.

"Overall, the video showcases a fun and adventurous day spent in a beautiful natural setting, with people enjoying the water and each other's company."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a German Shepherd dog and a crow sitting on a chair. The dog is holding a white egg in its mouth and the crow is trying to steal it. The dog then drops the egg, and the crow picks it up and flies away with it. The dog looks disappointed and walks away. The video ends with the dog sitting on the chair, looking at the empty spot where the egg was."

Timeline:
<0:00>-<0:05>: German Shepherd dog and crow sitting on a chair
<0:06>-<0:10>: Dog holds a white egg in its mouth
<0:11>-<0:15>: Crow tries to steal the egg from the dog
<0:16>-<0:20>: Dog drops the egg, and the crow picks it up and flies away with it
<0:21>-<0:25>: Dog looks disappointed and walks away.

"Note: The video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a backyard where a German Shepherd and a crow are interacting. The German Shepherd is lying on the ground, while the crow is trying to take a piece of food from the dog's mouth. The dog seems to be enjoying the interaction and is not aggressive towards the crow. The scene is peaceful and the animals are coexisting in their environment. The video highlights the playful and friendly nature of both animals."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a backyard, where a German Shepherd dog and a crow interact. The dog is sitting on the ground, while the crow approaches and tries to take a piece of food from the dog's mouth. The dog and the crow engage in a playful interaction, with the dog trying to keep the food and the crow trying to steal it. The video captures this interaction in real-time, providing an entertaining and engaging viewing experience."

<backyard-00:00:10-00:00:30>: German Shepherd dog and crow interact
<backyard-00:00:35-00:00:45>: Crow tries to steal food from dog's mouth
<backyard-00:00:45-00:01:00>: Dog and crow continue to playfully interact

"Overall, the video showcases the natural curiosity and playful behavior of animals, highlighting the importance of respecting and appreciating the unique characteristics of different species. It also demonstrates the potential for positive interactions between animals, even in unexpected situations."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a group of children playing on an inflatable water slide. At around 0:15, a child slides down the slide and lands in the water. The children continue to play on the slide, taking turns to slide down. At around 0:35, a child jumps off the slide into the water. The video ends with the children laughing and playing in the water."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

0:00-0:15: Children playing on an inflatable water slide
0:15-0:35: A child slides down the slide and lands in the water
"0:35-0:40: Children laughing and playing in the water."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" A group of children are having fun at an outdoor event, playing on a large inflatable water slide. They are seen sliding down the slide and splashing into the water below. The video also shows the children laughing and enjoying themselves."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a backyard setting, with children playing on an inflatable water slide. The video starts with a group of children climbing up the slide, and then one child slides down the slide into a pool of water. The video continues with more children taking turns sliding down the slide, and some of them jumping off the side of the slide into the pool. The video ends with a close-up shot of a child splashing in the water."

Place/location: Backyard
Start-timestamp: 0:00
End-timestamp: 0:30
"Event/action: Children playing on an inflatable water slide."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" At the beginning of the video, there is a shot of a coral reef underwater. Then, a scuba diver is seen swimming over the reef and exploring it. The video also shows various types of corals and fish swimming around them."

At around 0:20, the diver comes across a large school of fish, which he swims through. The camera then pans out to show the entire reef and the clear blue water surrounding it.

At around 0:35, the diver swims closer to the corals and starts taking photos of them. He then swims away from the reef and the video ends.

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

0:00-0:15: Underwater shot of a coral reef
0:15-0:20: Scuba diver swims over the reef
0:20-0:30: Diver comes across a large school of fish
0:30-0:35: Diver takes photos of the corals
"0:35-0:40: Diver swims away from the reef."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>, The video takes place underwater in a coral reef. A group of scuba divers are seen swimming around the colorful corals and exploring the marine life. They are also seen interacting with various fish and other sea creatures. The video showcases the beauty and diversity of the underwater world.,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in an underwater environment, with a diver exploring a coral reef. The time frame is not explicitly stated, but the video appears to be shot in clear, blue water. The diver is seen swimming over a colorful coral reef, surrounded by various types of fish and other marine life. The video also shows the diver interacting with the coral, touching and observing it closely. Overall, the video provides a visually appealing and informative look at the beauty and diversity of underwater ecosystems."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a large airplane, possibly a commercial jet, taking off from a runway and flying over a beach and clear blue water. The plane appears to be landing at an airport, as there are buildings and a fence visible in the background. The video does not provide a specific timestamp for the events depicted."

It is important to note that the video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. The description provided is factually accurate and socially unbiased.

"The video does not include any specific events or actions that can be accurately timed, as it only shows the airplane taking off and flying over the beach and water. Therefore, it is not possible to provide a specific timeline for the events depicted in the video."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands: A large airplane lands on the runway at the Owen Roberts International Airport. People can be seen watching the plane from the beach and a nearby fence. The clear blue water and white sandy beach create a picturesque backdrop for the landing. The scene is peaceful and serene, with the sound of the plane's engines adding to the ambiance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a plane taking off from an airport runway, flying over a beach with people enjoying the sun and water. The plane is seen flying low over the beach, with people on the ground watching it. The video takes place in the Bahamas, specifically at the Grand Bahama International Airport. The start timestamp is 0:00 and the end timestamp is 0:11. The event or action taking place is a plane taking off from the airport and flying over the beach."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:05 - The camera shows a motorcycle racing down a street."
0:10 - The motorcycle jumps over a ramp and lands on the other side of the street.
0:15 - The motorcycle continues to race down the street, passing by buildings and people.
0:20 - The motorcycle turns a corner and enters a narrow alleyway.
0:25 - The motorcycle collides with a wall and the rider falls off.
0:30 - The camera shows the rider getting up and continuing to race.
0:35 - The motorcycle passes by a group of people cheering and clapping.
0:40 - The motorcycle approaches the finish line and crosses it.
"0:45 - The camera shows the rider celebrating their victory."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in an urban environment, specifically on a street with buildings on either side. The main event is a group of people, including a man in a red and white helmet, riding bicycles down the street. The man in the helmet is performing stunts on his bike, such as jumping over obstacles and performing wheelies. Other people are cheering and watching as the man rides by. The video also shows a car driving down the street, and at one point, the man in the helmet jumps off his bike and lands on the hood of the car. Overall, the video captures the excitement and energy of a group of people participating in an urban cycling event."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in an urban environment, specifically on a street with buildings and people. The main event in the video is a motorcycle stunt show, where a rider performs various tricks and jumps over obstacles. The timeframe for the video is not explicitly stated, but it appears to be taking place during the day."

Here is a more detailed breakdown of the video:

0:00-0:05: The video starts with a close-up shot of a motorcycle's tire spinning in the air.

0:06-0:10: The camera pans to show the crowd watching the stunt show.

0:11-0:15: The rider performs a wheelie on the motorcycle.

0:16-0:20: The rider jumps over a ramp and lands on the other side.

0:21-0:25: The camera shows the rider's perspective as they ride the motorcycle down the street.

0:26-0:30: The rider performs a handstand on the motorcycle while riding.

0:31-0:35: The rider jumps over a row of cars parked on the side of the road.

0:36-0:40: The rider performs a backflip on the motorcycle while in mid-air.

0:41-0:45: The rider lands safely on the ground and the crowd cheers.

"Overall, the video showcases an exciting and thrilling motorcycle stunt show, with the rider performing various tricks and jumps to impress the crowd."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video does not provide a clear timeline of events or actions. However, it appears to show a group of people participating in a track and field event."

At the beginning of the video, a man in a white suit is standing on the starting line of a track, and a group of people in athletic clothing are lined up behind him. The man in the white suit then signals for the race to begin, and the runners start to run.

As the runners run around the track, the camera pans to show the scoreboard and the timing device. The runners continue to run, and at one point, a man in a white suit is seen standing on the sidelines, watching the race.

The video ends with a close-up shot of the scoreboard, which shows the final results of the race.

Therefore, the timeline of events in the video can be summarized as follows:

<0:00-0:05>: The race begins, and the runners start to run around the track.
<0:10-0:15>: The camera pans to show the scoreboard and the timing device.
<0:20-0:25>: The race continues, and the runners continue to run around the track.
"<0:30-0:35>: The final results of the race are displayed on the scoreboard."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a group of people participating in a track and field event. They are standing on a track, preparing to start a race. The referee is giving them instructions and signaling the start of the race. The athletes are wearing white and blue uniforms, and they are all focused on the race ahead. The video captures the excitement and anticipation of the event, as the athletes prepare to compete against each other."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video appears to be a track and field event, specifically a relay race. The location is not clear, but the event takes place on a track with a starting line and finish line. The time frame is not specified, but the video shows a group of athletes lining up at the starting line, ready to begin the race. The event appears to be a competitive one, with the athletes focused and determined to win. The video does not provide any additional context or information beyond what is visible in the frame."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a sailboat sailing in the ocean. The sailor is wearing a black wetsuit and is holding onto the sail. The sky is cloudy and the water is rough."

At around 0:15, the sailboat performs a jibe, which is a maneuver used to change the direction of the sail. The sailor skillfully turns the boat around, and the sail flaps in the wind.

At around 0:30, the sailboat is seen sailing close to the water, with the sailor leaning over the side to balance the boat. The water is choppy, and the sailboat is moving quickly through the waves.

At around 0:45, the sailboat performs another jibe, and the sailor expertly maneuvers the boat around. The sail flaps in the wind, and the boat rocks back and forth.

At around 1:00, the sailboat is seen sailing in the distance, with the sun setting in the background. The water is calm, and the sailboat is moving smoothly through the water.

The video ends with a close-up shot of the sailboat sailing away into the sunset.

"Overall, the video showcases the skill and expertise of the sailor as they navigate the choppy waters and perform various maneuvers on their sailboat."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a sailing competition taking place on the ocean. The sailors are seen sailing on their boats, with one sailor performing a flip while in the air. The sky is cloudy, and the water is rough, making for an exciting and challenging race. The sailors are wearing protective gear, including helmets and life jackets, to ensure their safety. The video also shows the sailboats sailing in formation, with one sailor leading the way. Overall, the video captures the thrill and excitement of sailing in a competitive environment."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a sailing competition taking place on the ocean. The sailors are seen sailing on their boats, with one of them performing a flip while in the air. The sky is cloudy, and the water is rough. The sailors are wearing wetsuits and helmets, and they appear to be enjoying the experience."

The video starts with a close-up shot of a sailboat sailing on the ocean. The camera then pans out to show the surrounding area, which includes other boats and the open sea. The sailors are seen maneuvering their boats, with some of them performing acrobatic moves.

At one point, a sailor performs a flip while in the air, landing safely back on the boat. The other sailors cheer and applaud, and the camera continues to capture their reactions.

The video ends with a shot of the sun setting on the horizon, with the sailboats in the foreground. The sky is filled with clouds, and the water is calm and peaceful.

"Overall, the video provides an exciting and visually appealing representation of a sailing competition. It showcases the skill and agility of the sailors, as well as the beautiful and serene surroundings of the ocean."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a man standing in front of a whiteboard. He explains the concept of a right triangle and draws an example on the board. He then goes on to explain the relationship between the sides of a right triangle and how to find the missing side using the Pythagorean theorem. The man speaks clearly and confidently, making the concept easy to understand for the viewer."

At approximately 0:30, the man draws a right triangle on the board and labels the sides as a, b, and c. He explains that in a right triangle, the square of the length of the hypotenuse (the side opposite the right angle) is equal to the sum of the squares of the lengths of the other two sides.

At approximately 0:45, the man demonstrates how to find the missing side of a right triangle using the Pythagorean theorem. He gives an example of a triangle with sides of length 5 and 12, and shows how to find the length of the hypotenuse by taking the square root of the sum of the squares of the other two sides.

At approximately 1:00, the man summarizes the concept of a right triangle and the Pythagorean theorem, emphasizing their importance in mathematics. He encourages the viewer to practice finding the missing side of right triangles using the theorem.

"Overall, the video is clear, concise, and easy to follow. The man's explanations are clear and he uses visual aids to help illustrate the concepts. The video is suitable for students learning geometry and the Pythagorean theorem."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a man standing in front of a whiteboard and explaining a geometric concept to the audience. He uses diagrams and drawings to illustrate his points, and he speaks clearly and confidently. The overall tone of the video is informative and educational."

The man is wearing a blue shirt and a purple tie, and he appears to be a teacher or a professor. He is standing in a classroom or a lecture hall, and there are other people in the background. The whiteboard behind him is covered in diagrams and equations, and there are several arrows and lines drawn on it.

The man explains that the area of a triangle can be found by using the formula: (base x height) / 2. He then draws a triangle on the whiteboard and demonstrates how to calculate its area using this formula. He also explains that the base and height of the triangle can be measured directly from the diagram, and he encourages the audience to try the calculation themselves.

"Overall, the video is a clear and concise explanation of how to calculate the area of a triangle using basic geometric concepts. It is suitable for students or anyone who wants to learn more about geometry and mathematical calculations."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a classroom setting, with a man standing in front of a whiteboard. He is explaining the concept of a right triangle and its properties, using diagrams and examples to illustrate his points. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are the classroom setting and the use of a whiteboard for instruction. The video is approximately 3 minutes long."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a woman's hands placing a green sticky note on a wooden table. The woman's hands are visible, and the sticky note is clearly seen. The video does not provide any additional context or information about the woman, the sticky note, or the purpose of the action."

Therefore, the video does not have a specific timeline or sequence of events. Instead, it focuses on the woman's actions and the sticky note. The video's primary purpose is to show the woman placing the sticky note on the table.

"If you have any questions or need further clarification, please don't hesitate to ask. I'm here to help and provide accurate and helpful information."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a woman's hands placing a green sticky note on a wooden table. The note appears to be a reminder or message. The woman's hands are visible, and the scene takes place in a quiet, well-lit room. The video does not include any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a woman's hands placing a green sticky note on a wooden table. The scene takes place in a room with a wooden floor and a window. The woman's hands are visible, and the sticky note is the main focus. The video begins at 0:00 and ends at 0:05. The event or action is the woman placing the sticky note on the table. The video's context is a woman writing a note and leaving it in a room."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a puppet character named """"Bob the Builder"""" wearing a hard hat and holding a phone. He is talking on the phone and appears to be in a hurry."

At around 0:10, Bob the Builder puts down the phone and looks around the room, which is cluttered with various objects such as tools, toys, and posters.

At around 0:15, Bob the Builder picks up a hammer and starts hammering on a piece of wood. He seems to be working on a project.

At around 0:20, Bob the Builder stops hammering and looks up, noticing something in the room. He approaches the object, which turns out to be a toy phone.

At around 0:25, Bob the Builder picks up the toy phone and starts talking into it. He seems to be having a conversation with someone.

At around 0:30, Bob the Builder puts down the toy phone and looks around the room again. He seems to be thinking about something.

At around 0:35, Bob the Builder picks up a toy car and starts playing with it. He drives the car around the room and makes engine noises.

At around 0:40, Bob the Builder puts down the toy car and looks up, noticing a clock on the wall. He checks the time and seems to realize that he has to go somewhere.

"At around 0:45, Bob the Builder picks up his hard hat and leaves the room. The video ends."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a toy store. The main character, a puppet, is talking on the phone while standing behind the counter. The background is filled with various toys and decorations. The puppet is wearing a green shirt and a yellow hat. The video is colorful and playful, with a cheerful and upbeat tone. There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a cartoon setting, likely a child's bedroom or playroom. The main character is a puppet or doll wearing a green shirt and a yellow hat, who is talking on a telephone. The timeframe is not explicitly stated, but the setting suggests a casual, playful atmosphere."

"The event or action in the video is the puppet character talking on the telephone. The exact content of the conversation is not clear, but the character appears to be engaged in a conversation, possibly with another character or person. The tone of the conversation is not explicitly stated, but the overall atmosphere of the video is lighthearted and playful."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a girl riding a white horse in a field. The horse is galloping at a fast pace, and the girl is holding onto the reins. The video then shows the girl dismounting from the horse and walking away."

There are no salient events or actions occurring in the video between the start and end timestamps.

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions in the video is:
<0:00>-<0:10>: Girl riding a white horse in a field
<0:10>-<0:15>: Girl dismounts from the horse and walks away

"Note: The exact start and end timestamps may vary depending on the specific video being referenced."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, a young girl is riding a white and brown horse in a grassy field. The horse is galloping at a fast pace, and the girl is holding onto the reins with both hands. The sun is shining brightly in the background, casting long shadows across the landscape. The girl appears to be enjoying herself as she rides the horse, and the scene is peaceful and idyllic."

The video is set in a rural area, with rolling hills and open fields visible in the background. The horse appears to be well-trained and obedient, responding to the girl's commands as she rides it. The video is shot in a blurry, artistic style, giving it a dreamlike quality.

"Overall, the video is a beautiful and relaxing depiction of a young girl riding a horse in a peaceful rural setting. It is a great example of the natural beauty of the countryside and the joy of spending time with animals."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a young woman riding a white and brown horse in a grassy field. The horse is galloping at a fast pace, and the woman is holding onto the reins with both hands. The background is a rolling countryside with hills and trees in the distance. The video is filmed in slow motion, giving it a dreamlike quality."

The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are:

* A grassy field in the countryside
* A white and brown horse galloping at a fast pace
* A young woman riding the horse and holding onto the reins
* Slow motion footage, giving the video a dreamlike quality
* The background is a rolling countryside with hills and trees in the distance.

"Overall, the video is a beautiful and peaceful representation of horse riding in the countryside."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" I'm unable to provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video as there is no video provided in this frame. However, I can help answer any factual or informational questions you may have."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, a man is sitting on a bed and playing the guitar. He is focused on the music and seems to be enjoying himself. The room is dimly lit, and there are no other people or objects visible in the frame. The overall mood of the video is peaceful and relaxing."

<place/location>: A bedroom
"<event/action>: A man is playing the guitar."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" In this video, a man is sitting on a bed and playing an acoustic guitar. He is wearing a blue shirt and white pants. The room is dimly lit, and there are no other people or objects visible in the frame. The man is focusing intently on his guitar playing, and his facial expression suggests that he is deeply engrossed in the music. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. The overall tone is positive and respectful."

<delhi-00:00:05-00:00:10>: The man starts playing the guitar.
<delhi-00:00:11-00:00:20>: He continues playing, with a focused expression on his face.
<delhi-00:00:21-00:00:30>: The man finishes playing the guitar and looks satisfied with his performance.
<delhi-00:00:31-00:00:40>: He puts the guitar down and looks around the room, as if considering what to do next.
<delhi-00:00:41-00:00:50>: The man gets up from the bed and walks away from the camera, leaving the room in silence.

"Overall, this video shows a man playing the guitar in a quiet, intimate setting. The main spatio-temporal contexts are the man's performance on the guitar, which takes place in a dimly lit room. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content, and the overall tone is positive and respectful."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video does not provide a clear timeline of events or actions. However, we can identify some key elements:"

#NOME?
#NOME?
- The television is turned on, displaying a news program.
#NOME?

"Therefore, we cannot determine a specific timeline based on the provided information. However, we can assume that the video is intended to showcase the amenities and quality of a hotel room."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a hotel room with a bed and a television. The room appears to be clean and well-maintained. There is a window with a view of the outside, and the room has a modern decor. The video does not provide any additional context or information."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a hotel room. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are as follows:"

- Hotel room-0:00-0:03: The camera shows a hotel room with a bed, a nightstand, and a television.
- Hotel room-0:04-0:06: The camera zooms in on the bed, revealing a white comforter and a brown headboard.
- Hotel room-0:07-0:09: The camera pans to the left, revealing a nightstand with a lamp and a telephone.
- Hotel room-0:10-0:12: The camera zooms out, showing the entire room once again.
- Hotel room-0:13-0:15: The camera focuses on the television, which is turned on and displaying a news program.
- Hotel room-0:16-0:18: The camera pans to the right, revealing a window with a view of the city outside.
- Hotel room-0:19-0:21: The camera zooms in on the window, revealing a curtain that is slightly open.
- Hotel room-0:22-0:24: The camera pans back to the bed, revealing a white pillow and a brown blanket.
- Hotel room-0:25-0:27: The camera zooms out, showing the entire room once again.

"Therefore, the video shows a brief tour of a hotel room, highlighting its various features such as the bed, the nightstand, the television, and the window."",0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:00-0:05: The chef is preparing ingredients on a kitchen counter."

0:06-0:10: The chef adds cornstarch to a bowl.

0:11-0:15: The chef adds water to the bowl and stirs the mixture.

0:16-0:20: The chef adds soy sauce to the mixture and stirs it.

0:21-0:25: The chef adds sugar to the mixture and stirs it.

0:26-0:30: The chef adds corn syrup to the mixture and stirs it.

0:31-0:35: The chef adds chili powder to the mixture and stirs it.

0:36-0:40: The chef adds garlic powder to the mixture and stirs it.

0:41-0:45: The chef adds onion powder to the mixture and stirs it.

0:46-0:50: The chef adds paprika to the mixture and stirs it.

0:51-0:55: The chef adds cayenne pepper to the mixture and stirs it.

0:56-1:00: The chef adds salt to the mixture and stirs it.

1:01-1:05: The chef adds vegetable oil to a pan and heats it up.

1:06-1:10: The chef adds the mixture to the pan and stirs it constantly.

1:11-1:15: The chef adds water to the pan and stirs the mixture.

1:16-1:20: The chef adds cornstarch to the pan and stirs the mixture.

1:21-1:25: The chef adds soy sauce to the pan and stirs the mixture.

1:26-1:30: The chef adds sugar to the pan and stirs the mixture.

1:31-1:35: The chef adds corn syrup to the pan and stirs the mixture.

1:36-1:40: The chef adds chili powder to the pan and stirs the mixture.

1:41-1:45: The chef adds garlic powder to the pan and stirs the mixture.

1:46-1:50: The chef adds onion powder to the pan and stirs the mixture.

1:51-1:55: The chef adds paprika to the pan and stirs the mixture.

1:56-2:00: The chef adds cayenne pepper to the pan and stirs the mixture.

2:01-2:05: The chef adds salt to the pan and stirs the mixture.

2:06-2:10: The chef adds vegetable oil to the pan and heats it up.

2:11-2:15: The chef adds the mixture to the pan and stirs it constantly.

2:16-2:20: The chef adds water to the pan and stirs the mixture.

2:21-2:25: The chef adds cornstarch to the pan and stirs the mixture.

2:26-2:30: The chef adds soy sauce to the pan and stirs the mixture.

2:31-2:35: The chef adds sugar to the pan and stirs the mixture.

2:36-2:40: The chef adds corn syrup to the pan and stirs the mixture.

2:41-2:45: The chef adds chili powder to the pan and stirs the mixture.

2:46-2:50: The chef adds garlic powder to the pan and stirs the mixture.

2:51-2:55: The chef adds onion powder to the pan and stirs the mixture.

2:56-3:00: The chef adds paprika to the pan and stirs the mixture.

3:01-3:05: The chef adds cayenne pepper to the pan and stirs the mixture.

3:06-3:10: The chef adds salt to the pan and stirs the mixture.

3:11-3:15: The chef adds vegetable oil to the pan and heats it up.

"3:16-3:20: The chef"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" A man is preparing food in a kitchen. He is holding a can of chili and is adding it to a bowl. The man is wearing a black shirt and is standing in front of a white countertop. There are other ingredients on the counter, including a knife, a cutting board, and a bowl of chopped vegetables. The man is carefully measuring out the chili and adding it to the bowl. He then stirs the mixture with a spoon. The video ends with the man smiling and looking satisfied with his creation."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" A man is preparing food in a kitchen. He is wearing a black shirt and is standing in front of a white countertop with various ingredients and utensils. He is holding a can of chili in one hand and a spoon in the other. He is adding the chili to a bowl and stirring it with the spoon. The man then adds some other ingredients to the bowl and continues to mix them together. The video ends with the man tasting the food and nodding approvingly."

Location: kitchen
Start timestamp: 0:00
End timestamp: 0:15
"Event/action: A man is preparing food in a kitchen by adding chili to a bowl and stirring it with a spoon. He then adds other ingredients and continues to mix them together. The man tastes the food and approves of it."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" At the beginning of the video, a white and black dog is lying on its back on a wooden floor. The dog is wagging its tail and appears to be relaxed."

As the video continues, the dog begins to move its legs and paws, indicating that it is getting ready to stand up. The dog then stands up and begins to walk around the room.

At one point, the dog stops and looks up at the camera, as if acknowledging the presence of the viewer. The dog then continues to walk around the room, exploring its surroundings.

At the end of the video, the dog lies down on the wooden floor once again, this time in a different position. The dog appears to be content and relaxed, and its tail continues to wag gently.

"Overall, the video shows a happy and playful dog exploring its environment and interacting with its surroundings."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>, The video shows a white and black dog lying on its back on a wooden floor. The dog appears to be pregnant and is wagging its tail. There is no sound in the video. The dog seems to be comfortable and relaxed. The video does not show any harm or danger to the dog or its surroundings.,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a dog lying on its back on a wooden floor. The dog is a white and black breed, and it appears to be relaxed and comfortable. There is no visible harm or distress to the dog. The video does not provide any context or information about the dog's health or condition."

Therefore, the summary of the video is:

"Home- <0:00>-<0:10>: A white and black dog is lying on its back on a wooden floor."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a white cat standing on a bed and looking around. The cat then jumps up and tries to catch a laser pointer beam. The cat continues to jump and play with the laser pointer for several seconds before the video ends."

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

0:00-0:05: White cat standing on a bed and looking around
0:05-0:10: Cat jumps up and tries to catch a laser pointer beam
0:10-0:15: Cat continues to jump and play with the laser pointer
"0:15: Video ends."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a white cat standing on a bed and looking around the room. The cat seems to be curious and playful, as it jumps and meows. The room appears to be messy, with papers and other items scattered on the floor. The cat's owner can be heard in the background, but they are not visible in the video. The video is shot in a close-up perspective, allowing the viewer to see the cat's facial expressions and body language. The lighting in the room is dim, with shadows cast on the walls and furniture. Overall, the video is cute and entertaining, and it showcases the playful nature of cats."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a white cat standing on a bed and looking around the room, with sunlight shining through a window. The cat appears to be curious and playful, and it occasionally jumps up and down. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a man walking in a field with a camera and tripod. He is carrying a backpack and talking to the camera. The man then sets up the tripod and attaches the camera to it. He adjusts the settings on the camera and starts filming. The man then walks away from the camera and the video ends."

"There are no salient events or actions occurring in the video. The man is simply setting up a camera and filming in a field."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" A man is walking in a grassy field with a backpack and two cameras on a tripod. He is talking to the camera and gesturing with his hands. The man is a photographer or filmmaker."

<place/location>: grassy field
"<event/action>: man walking with backpack and cameras on tripod, talking to camera and gesturing with hands."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" A man is walking in a grassy field with a camera and tripod. He is carrying a backpack and talking to the camera. The man is a photographer and he is setting up his equipment for a shoot. The video shows the man walking through the field, adjusting his camera and tripod, and talking about his photography work. The man is wearing a blue shirt and he looks happy and content. The video is shot in a rural area with green fields and trees in the background. The man is standing in front of a fence and he is looking at the camera with a smile on his face. The video is shot in a positive and friendly tone. The man is a professional photographer and he is enjoying his work in the countryside. The video is a great example of a man who loves his job and is passionate about photography. The video is a great source of inspiration for anyone who loves photography and wants to learn more about the art of capturing moments in time."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a group of men in purple uniforms playing musical instruments in a field. They are then joined by another group of men in similar uniforms, and they all march together. The video ends with the men playing their instruments and singing."

There is no clear timeline mentioned in the video, but it appears to be a performance by a marching band. The exact length of the video is not given, but it lasts for about 30 seconds.

There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The men are dressed in uniforms and are playing musical instruments, which is a common activity for marching bands. There is no evidence of any negative behavior or language in the video.

"Therefore, the video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, a group of musicians dressed in purple uniforms are playing musical instruments, including accordions and drums, while walking through a field of tall grass. The musicians are part of a marching band, and they appear to be practicing their routine for an upcoming performance. The video also shows the musicians interacting with each other and enjoying the experience of playing music together in the outdoors. Overall, the video conveys a sense of camaraderie and teamwork among the musicians, as well as a love for music and the outdoors."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a group of men dressed in purple uniforms, playing musical instruments such as accordions and drums, while walking through a field in autumn. The location is not explicitly stated, but it appears to be in a rural area with trees in the background. The time frame is not mentioned, but the video seems to be taking place during the fall season. The main event in the video is the men playing music while walking through the field."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a car driving down a road surrounded by trees. The car is the only object visible in the scene. There is no specific event or action mentioned in the video."

"Therefore, no timeline can be provided for the events or actions depicted in the video."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a car driving down a long, straight road surrounded by trees and greenery. The car appears to be moving at a steady pace, creating a peaceful and serene atmosphere. The video does not include any specific events or actions, but rather focuses on the scenic beauty of the location."

<place/location>: A long, straight road surrounded by trees and greenery
"<event/action>: A car drives down the road at a steady pace."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a car driving on a road surrounded by trees, creating a serene atmosphere. The place is likely a rural area or a forested road. The video starts at 0:00 and ends at 0:10, with the car driving down the road. The main event or action in the video is the car driving on the road."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:00 - The person starts cooking a sauce in a pot on the stove."
0:05 - The person adds tomato sauce to the pot and stirs it with a wooden spoon.
0:10 - The person adds a can of tomato paste to the pot and stirs it.
0:15 - The person adds a can of tomato sauce to the pot and stirs it.
0:20 - The person adds a can of tomato sauce to the pot and stirs it.
0:25 - The person adds a can of tomato sauce to the pot and stirs it.
0:30 - The person adds a can of tomato sauce to the pot and stirs it.
0:35 - The person adds a can of tomato sauce to the pot and stirs it.
0:40 - The person adds a can of tomato sauce to the pot and stirs it.
0:45 - The person adds a can of tomato sauce to the pot and stirs it.
0:50 - The person adds a can of tomato sauce to the pot and stirs it.
1:00 - The person turns off the heat and removes the pot from the stove.

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is:
"0:00-1:00: The person cooks a sauce in a pot on the stove by adding and stirring various cans of tomato sauce."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>, A person is cooking a red sauce in a pot on a stove. They are stirring the sauce with a wooden spoon and adding ingredients to it. The sauce is simmering and bubbling as the person continues to stir it. The video shows close-up shots of the sauce and the person's hands as they cook. The sauce appears to be thick and rich in color. The person is making a tomato sauce for pasta.,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person cooking a tomato-based sauce in a pot on a stove. The sauce is made by adding tomato paste to a pot and stirring it with a wooden spoon. The person then adds other ingredients, such as garlic and onions, to the pot and continues to stir the sauce. The video does not provide any specific information about the location or time of the cooking process."

Summary:
Kitchen- <0:00>-<0:30>: Cooking tomato-based sauce in a pot on a stove.

"Keywords: kitchen, stove, tomato sauce, pot, wooden spoon, garlic, onions."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,1,1,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video does not provide a clear timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. However, the elderly woman is wearing a red sweater and glasses, and she is sitting on a porch or balcony. She appears to be looking off-screen with a serious expression on her face. The video does not provide any additional context or information."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" This video shows an elderly woman sitting on the porch of a house, wearing a red sweater and glasses. She is looking off-screen with a serious expression on her face. The background shows a white house with a wooden porch and a blue sky in the background. The video is shot in a close-up perspective, focusing on the woman's face and body language. There is no audio in the video."

The video can be described as a portrait of an elderly woman sitting on a porch, looking off-screen with a serious expression. The location is a white house with a wooden porch, and the background shows a blue sky. The video is shot in a close-up perspective, focusing on the woman's face and body language. There is no audio in the video.

"The video can be grouped together with other videos that show elderly people sitting on porches or in front of their homes, looking off-screen with serious expressions. These videos often evoke feelings of nostalgia and sadness, as they remind us of the passing of time and the fragility of human life. They can also be used to explore themes of aging, memory, and the human condition."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows an elderly woman wearing glasses and a red sweater sitting on the porch of a house. She is looking at the camera and talking to someone off-screen. The background shows a white house with a green door and windows. The video does not provide any context about the woman's identity or location. Therefore, it is not possible to provide a specific summary of the spatio-temporal contexts in the video. However, we can assume that the video was recorded in a residential area and that the woman is an elderly resident of the house."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" At the beginning of the video, we see two sharks swimming in the ocean. One of the sharks is larger than the other, and they seem to be interacting with each other."

As the video continues, we see the larger shark attacking and eating the smaller one. The smaller shark puts up a fight, but ultimately, it is unable to escape the larger shark's grasp.

The video ends with the larger shark swimming away from the camera, leaving the smaller shark's remains in the water.

"Overall, the video provides a fascinating glimpse into the natural behavior of sharks in their natural habitat. It is important to remember that sharks play a crucial role in maintaining the balance of the ocean ecosystem and should be respected and protected."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, we see two sharks swimming in the ocean. One of the sharks is larger than the other, and they appear to be interacting with each other. The water is clear and blue, and the sharks are swimming close to the surface. It is important to note that sharks are important predators in the ocean and play a crucial role in maintaining the balance of the marine ecosystem."

There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature.

"If you have any questions or need further clarification, please don't hesitate to ask."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in the ocean, with two sharks swimming in the water. The first shark is seen swimming towards the camera, while the second shark is seen swimming away from it. The exact location and time of the video are not mentioned, but it appears to be a clear day with blue skies in the background."

There is no clear event or action taking place in the video, but the sharks are swimming in the water and interacting with each other. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content.

Therefore, the summary of the video is:

"Ocean-unknown-unknown: Two sharks swimming in the water and interacting with each other."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video does not provide any timeline or information about the events or actions occurring in it. However, it shows a group of children riding horses in the wilderness."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this black and white photograph, a group of cowboys are riding horses in the wilderness. They are wearing hats, cowboy boots, and western clothing. The cowboys appear to be enjoying themselves as they ride through the rugged terrain. It is not clear what specific event or action is taking place in this location."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a group of children riding horses in a desert landscape. It is difficult to determine the exact location or time period based on the provided image alone. However, the children are dressed in cowboy attire, suggesting that the scene may take place in the American West during the late 1800s or early 1900s."

Therefore, the summary for this video could be:

"Desert-1900s: A group of children ride horses in the American West."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:05 - The workers start rolling out dough on a table."
0:10 - The workers cut the dough into strips.
0:15 - The workers place the strips onto a conveyor belt.
0:20 - The workers use a machine to shape the dough into pretzels.
0:25 - The workers place the pretzels onto a baking sheet.
0:30 - The workers put the baking sheet into an oven.
0:35 - The pretzels are baked in the oven.
0:40 - The pretzels are removed from the oven and placed on a cooling rack.
"0:45 - The workers package the pretzels for sale."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a bakery where workers are rolling out dough and cutting it into strips. They are working together to produce pastries. The workers are wearing white shirts and aprons, and they are focused on their task. The dough is being rolled out on a long wooden table, and the workers are using rolling pins to shape it. The pastries are then cut into strips and placed on a conveyor belt. The workers are working efficiently and in a coordinated manner to produce the pastries. The video provides a glimpse into the production process of pastries in a bakery."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a bakery. The bakers are rolling out dough and cutting it into strips. The time frame for the video is not explicitly stated, but it appears to be a continuous shot of the bakers working at their stations. The event/action taking place in the video is the preparation of dough for baking."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video does not provide a clear timeline of events or actions. However, we can identify the following:"

0:00 - 0:05: A man is handing out money to people in a crowd.
0:06 - 0:08: A man is handing out a piece of paper to someone in the crowd.
0:09 - 0:12: A man is talking to someone in the crowd.
0:13 - 0:15: A man is handing out a piece of paper to someone in the crowd.
0:16 - 0:18: A man is talking to someone in the crowd.

"Therefore, the events in the video appear to involve a man handing out money and pieces of paper to people in a crowd. The exact nature of the event or situation is not clear."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, a group of people are gathered in a marketplace. One man is handing out money to another man, who is then giving it to someone else. It appears that they are all participating in some kind of transaction or exchange. The atmosphere is lively and bustling, with people moving around and talking to each other. Overall, the scene seems to be one of commerce and exchange in a busy urban environment."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a market or street scene. The main spatio-temporal contexts are as follows:"

London, England-0:00-0:10: A group of people, including a man in a black coat, are gathered around a table. The man in the black coat is handing out paper bags to the other people.

London, England-0:11-0:20: The man in the black coat is seen giving money to a woman. The woman then gives the money to another man, who is holding a bag.

London, England-0:21-0:30: The man in the black coat is seen talking to another man. The other man is holding a bag and appears to be giving something to the man in the black coat.

London, England-0:31-0:40: The man in the black coat is seen handing out paper bags to a group of people. The people appear to be grateful and thank the man.

London, England-0:41-0:50: The man in the black coat is seen talking to another man. The other man is holding a bag and appears to be giving something to the man in the black coat.

London, England-0:51-1:00: The man in the black coat is seen handing out paper bags to a group of people. The people appear to be grateful and thank the man.

London, England-1:01-1:10: The man in the black coat is seen talking to another man. The other man is holding a bag and appears to be giving something to the man in the black coat.

London, England-1:11-1:20: The man in the black coat is seen handing out paper bags to a group of people. The people appear to be grateful and thank the man.

London, England-1:21-1:30: The man in the black coat is seen talking to another man. The other man is holding a bag and appears to be giving something to the man in the black coat.

London, England-1:31-1:40: The man in the black coat is seen handing out paper bags to a group of people. The people appear to be grateful and thank the man.

London, England-1:41-1:50: The man in the black coat is seen talking to another man. The other man is holding a bag and appears to be giving something to the man in the black coat.

London, England-1:51-2:00: The man in the black coat is seen handing out paper bags to a group of people. The people appear to be grateful and thank the man.

London, England-2:01-2:10: The man in the black coat is seen talking to another man. The other man is holding a bag and appears to be giving something to the man in the black coat.

London, England-2:11-2:20: The man in the black coat is seen handing out paper bags to a group of people. The people appear to be grateful and thank the man.

London, England-2:21-2:30: The man in the black coat is seen talking to another man. The other man is holding a bag and appears to be giving something to the man in the black coat.

London, England-2:31-2:40: The man in the black coat is seen handing out paper bags to a group of people. The people appear to be grateful and thank the man.

London, England-2:41-2:50: The man in the black coat is seen talking to another man. The other man is holding a bag and appears to be giving something to the man in the black coat.

London, England-2:51-3:00: The man in the black coat is seen handing out paper bags to a group of people. The people appear to be grateful and thank the man.

London, England-3:01-3:10: The man in the black coat is seen talking to another man. The other man is holding a bag and appears to be giving something to the man in the black coat.

London, England-3:11-3:20: The man in the black coat is seen handing out paper bags to a group of people. The people appear to be grateful and thank the man.

"London, England-3:21-3:30: The man in the black coat is seen talking to another man. The other man is holding a bag and"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video begins with a young man standing on a sports field, holding a lacrosse stick. He is wearing a gray shirt and black shorts. The man then begins to swing the stick, demonstrating his lacrosse skills."

At around the 0:10 mark, the man starts to run towards the goal, carrying the stick with him. He approaches the goal and attempts to shoot the ball, but misses.

The man then turns around and walks back to the starting point, where he begins to practice his shooting technique again. He continues to practice, making several attempts to score a goal.

At around the 0:30 mark, the man finally succeeds in scoring a goal, and he celebrates by jumping in the air and shouting. The video ends with the man standing on the field, looking satisfied with his performance.

"Overall, the video shows a young man practicing his lacrosse skills and eventually scoring a goal. The video is well-edited and visually appealing, with clear shots of the action and good use of camera angles. The music in the background adds to the excitement and energy of the video."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place on a sports field. A young man is seen holding a lacrosse stick and wearing sunglasses. He is practicing his lacrosse skills, specifically his shot. The video shows him taking a shot at the goal, which is located at the end of the field. The young man appears to be focused and determined, as he makes several attempts to score. The video also shows the surrounding area, which includes trees and a clear blue sky. Overall, the video showcases the young man's dedication and passion for lacrosse."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a young man playing lacrosse on a field. He is wearing sunglasses and a gray shirt. The video starts with the man holding a lacrosse stick and walking towards the camera. He then throws the ball towards a goal, but misses it. The man continues to play lacrosse, making several attempts to score. The video ends with the man walking away from the camera."

The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are:

* Location: a sports field
* Time: daytime
* Event/action: playing lacrosse

"The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" Unfortunately, there is no video provided in the given context for me to analyze and provide a timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. However, I can suggest some general guidelines for creating a timeline:"

1. Identify the key events or actions that occur in the video.
2. Determine the start and end timestamps for each event or action.
3. Use a clear and concise format to present the timeline, such as: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>

For example:

0:05-0:10: Person A speaks to Person B.
0:15-0:20: Person B responds to Person A.
0:25-0:30: Person A smiles and nods in agreement.

"By following these guidelines, you can create an accurate and informative timeline of the events or actions occurring in the video."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, a group of people are gathered in a room. One woman is sitting on a couch, smiling and laughing. Another woman is standing nearby, also smiling and laughing. The atmosphere is lively and joyful."

At one point, the woman sitting on the couch gets up and starts dancing. The other women join in, and they all dance together. The camera captures their movements, creating a fun and energetic scene.

At another point, the women are seen sitting on the couch, chatting and laughing. They seem to be enjoying each other's company and having a good time.

"Overall, the video captures a group of women having a fun and enjoyable time together in a room. The atmosphere is lively and joyful, and the women are seen laughing, dancing, and chatting with each other."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a woman wearing glasses sitting on a couch and laughing. The exact location or time is not specified in the provided image. However, based on the context, it appears to be a close-up shot of the woman's face, possibly taken in a living room setting. The woman seems to be enjoying herself, as indicated by her laughter."

Therefore, the summary for this video would be:

"Living room-00:00:15-00:00:30: A woman wearing glasses laughs."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a group of people, including a woman and several men, dancing and exercising in a gym. They are wearing brightly colored clothing and appear to be having fun. The camera pans across the room, showing various exercises and movements being performed. The group is led by a woman who is giving instructions and encouraging the others to join in. The video ends with the group finishing their workout and smiling at the camera."

There is no specific timeline mentioned in the video, but it appears to be a group fitness class or workout session. The exact duration of the video is not provided, but it lasts for approximately 30 seconds.

"There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The language used is socially unbiased and positive in nature. The video is appropriate for all ages and audiences."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, a group of people are seen dancing and having fun in a gym or fitness studio. They are performing various dance moves and exercises, including jumping jacks, squats, and arm raises. The group appears to be enjoying themselves and working out together. The atmosphere is upbeat and positive."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a group of people, including men and women, engaging in a dance routine in a gym or fitness studio. The dance moves involve various steps and movements, and the participants appear to be enjoying themselves. The video does not provide any specific information about the location or time of the recording."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:00-0:05: The rodeo announcer introduces the event."

0:05-0:10: A cowboy rides a horse and ropes a calf.

0:10-0:15: The cowboy dismounts and ties the calf's legs together.

0:15-0:20: The cowboy gets back on his horse and rides away.

0:20-0:25: The next cowboy enters the arena and prepares for his turn.

0:25-0:30: The cowboy ropes the calf and ties its legs together.

0:30-0:35: The cowboy dismounts and walks away, leaving the calf tied up in the arena.

"Overall, the video shows a cowboy participating in a calf roping event at a rodeo."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" Las Vegas, Nevada: A rodeo event is taking place in an arena with cowboys and horses participating in various competitions. The crowd is cheering and enjoying the show."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a rodeo arena. The main events shown in the video are:"

1. A cowboy riding a horse and roping a calf (0:00-0:06)
2. A cowboy riding a horse and roping a steer (0:10-0:15)
3. A cowboy riding a horse and roping a steer in a round pen (0:20-0:25)
4. A cowboy riding a horse and roping a steer in a competition arena (0:30-0:35)

"The video also shows the audience cheering and clapping for the cowboys and their performances."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 29th of May, 2022: Koenji Awa Odori festival in Tokyo, Japan. A group of people in yellow costumes perform a traditional dance on the street."

4:15 PM: The dancers move in a synchronized manner, entertaining the crowd.

4:30 PM: The crowd gathers around the performers, taking pictures and videos.

"4:45 PM: The dancers finish their performance and leave the area. The crowd disperses, and the street returns to normal."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" Tokyo, japan: summer festival (matsuri) parade performance [dancers in yellow costumes] [july 2020]"

"This video captures the vibrant and energetic atmosphere of the summer festival (matsuri) in Tokyo, Japan. The video showcases a group of dancers dressed in yellow costumes performing a choreographed routine on the street. The parade is a popular event that attracts large crowds of people. The video was filmed in July 2020."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" Tokyo, Japan - May 15, 2023: A group of performers dressed in yellow costumes dance and perform on the crosswalk during the Sanja Matsuri festival. [01:28-01:33]"

[Narration]
The Sanja Matsuri festival is one of the three major annual festivals in Tokyo, Japan. It is held in Asakusa, a historic district known for its traditional atmosphere and cultural significance. The festival honors the three deities of health, prosperity, and longevity.

"The main procession, or """"sanjafes,"""" takes place on the third day of the festival. Thousands of people gather to watch the colorful parade of portable shrines, or """"mikoshi,"""" being carried through the streets by teams of strong men."

In this footage, a group of performers dressed in yellow costumes dance and perform on the crosswalk during the festival. The lively and energetic performance attracts the attention of the crowd, who cheer and clap in appreciation.

[End Narration]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

[Clapper]
[End]

"["",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a man standing in front of a barbell in a gym. He then picks up the barbell and performs a squat movement, lowering himself down and then standing back up. He repeats this movement several times, emphasizing the importance of keeping the bar close to his body and not letting it drift away from him. The man then puts the barbell back on the rack and finishes the exercise."

<0:00>-<0:10>: The man stands in front of a barbell in a gym.
<0:10>-<0:15>: The man picks up the barbell and performs a squat movement.
<0:15>-<0:20>: The man repeats the squat movement several times.
"<0:20>-<0:25>: The man puts the barbell back on the rack and finishes the exercise."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, a man is standing in a gym and demonstrating how to perform a barbell deadlift exercise. He explains that the barbell should be placed on the floor with the plates facing up, and the man then bends at the hips and knees to grasp the bar with an overhand grip. He then straightens his back and lifts the bar off the floor, keeping his chest up and his core tight. The man then performs the deadlift by pushing his hips back and then forward, keeping the bar close to his body throughout the movement. He then returns the bar to the floor and repeats the exercise for several repetitions. The man then explains that the deadlift is a compound exercise that targets the muscles in the back, legs, and core, and is an effective exercise for building strength and power."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a gym setting. A man is standing in front of a barbell and demonstrating how to perform a clean and jerk exercise. He explains the steps involved in the exercise and provides tips for proper form and technique. The video is helpful for individuals looking to improve their strength training routine."

<place/location>: gym
<start-timestamp>: 0:00
<end-timestamp>: 0:30
"<event/action>: demonstration of clean and jerk exercise with tips for proper form and technique."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a woman standing in a living room holding a hula hoop. She then begins to spin the hoop around her waist and hips."

<1:00>-<1:15>: The woman continues to spin the hoop, demonstrating different moves and techniques.

<1:15>-<1:30>: The woman takes a break from spinning the hoop and talks to the camera about the benefits of using a hula hoop for exercise.

<1:30>-<1:45>: The woman resumes spinning the hoop and demonstrates a new move.

"<1:45>-<end>: The video ends with the woman smiling and continuing to spin the hoop."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, a woman is exercising in her living room by using a hula hoop. She is wearing a pink shirt and is standing in front of a white couch and a coffee table. She is twirling the hula hoop around her waist and hips, and appears to be enjoying herself. The room is decorated with colorful pillows and blankets, and there is a piano in the background. The woman is smiling and seems to be in good spirits. Overall, the video conveys a sense of fun and playfulness."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a living room. A woman is seen dancing with a hula hoop. She is wearing a pink shirt and black leggings. The hula hoop is colorful and has different shapes on it. The woman is smiling and enjoying herself while dancing. The video lasts for about 30 seconds."

"Summary: Living room-0:00-0:30: Woman dances with a colorful hula hoop."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>, The video shows two people paddling a red kayak on a body of water at sunset. They appear to be enjoying themselves and smiling at each other. The exact timeline of events or actions occurring in the video is not provided.,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, we see a group of people kayaking on a lake at sunset. They are paddling in red and yellow kayaks, enjoying the peaceful water and the beautiful scenery around them. The group appears to be having a great time together, laughing and chatting as they navigate the lake. The sun is setting behind them, casting a warm glow over the scene. Overall, it looks like a fun and relaxing evening out on the water."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows two people in a red kayak paddling on a body of water at sunset. The exact location is not mentioned, but it appears to be a calm and peaceful lake or river. The time frame is not specified, but the video can be assumed to last for a few minutes. The main event or action in the video is the two individuals enjoying a leisurely kayaking trip on the water."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a woman standing in a grassy field holding a hula hoop. She then begins to twirl the hoop around her waist and hips, demonstrating various tricks and techniques."

At around 0:15, the woman stops twirling the hoop and holds it up to her chest, looking directly at the camera. She then begins to speak, explaining that she has been practicing with the hoop for several weeks and has noticed improvements in her core strength and balance.

At around 0:30, the woman starts twirling the hoop again, this time incorporating more advanced moves such as waist rolls and shoulder rolls. She continues to demonstrate these tricks for several minutes, occasionally pausing to adjust the hoop or give instructions to the viewer.

At around 1:00, the woman stops twirling the hoop and holds it up to the camera once again, this time with a smile on her face. She then thanks the viewer for watching and encourages them to try hula hooping themselves.

"The video ends with the woman standing in the same grassy field, looking content and satisfied with her performance. She then waves goodbye to the camera and the video ends."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" A woman is standing in a grassy field and demonstrating how to use a hula hoop. She is wearing a green tank top and holding the hoop in front of her. She is smiling and appears to be enjoying herself. The background is a green field with trees in the distance. The woman is demonstrating various tricks with the hoop, such as keeping it spinning around her waist and making it go in circles. She encourages viewers to try it out for themselves. The video is titled """"hula hoop tricks"""" and is part of a series of videos on the topic. The woman's name is not mentioned in the video, but she appears to be a fitness instructor or coach. The video is filmed in a sunny outdoor location, and the overall tone is positive and encouraging."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a grassy field. A woman in a green tank top and shorts is standing in the middle of the field, holding a hula hoop. She is smiling and spinning the hoop around her waist. The video lasts for approximately 1 minute and 30 seconds."

The woman is demonstrating various tricks with the hula hoop, including keeping it spinning around her waist, passing it between her legs, and making it spin in different directions. She also encourages viewers to try the tricks themselves.

"There are no significant spatial or temporal contexts in the video beyond the woman's location in the field and the duration of the video."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:00 - Introduction of the wrestlers"
0:15 - The wrestlers engage in a wrestling match
0:30 - One wrestler performs a move on the other, causing him to fall to the ground
0:45 - The wrestlers continue to fight, with one performing a series of moves on the other
1:00 - The wrestlers exchange blows, with one appearing to gain the upper hand
1:15 - The wrestlers continue to fight, with one performing a move that causes the other to roll out of the ring
1:30 - The wrestlers re-enter the ring and continue to fight, with one performing a move that causes the other to fall to the ground
1:45 - The wrestlers continue to fight, with one performing a series of moves on the other
2:00 - The wrestlers exchange blows, with one appearing to gain the upper hand once again
2:15 - The wrestlers continue to fight, with one performing a move that causes the other to roll out of the ring
2:30 - The wrestlers re-enter the ring and continue to fight, with one performing a move that causes the other to fall to the ground once again
2:45 - The wrestlers continue to fight, with one performing a series of moves on the other
3:00 - The wrestlers exchange blows, with one appearing to gain the upper hand once again
3:15 - The wrestlers continue to fight, with one performing a move that causes the other to roll out of the ring
3:30 - The wrestlers re-enter the ring and continue to fight, with one performing a move that causes the other to fall to the ground once again
3:45 - The wrestlers continue to fight, with one performing a series of moves on the other
4:00 - The wrestlers exchange blows, with one appearing to gain the upper hand once again
4:15 - The wrestlers continue to fight, with one performing a move that causes the other to roll out of the ring
4:30 - The wrestlers re-enter the ring and continue to fight, with one performing a move that causes the other to fall to the ground once again
4:45 - The wrestlers continue to fight, with one performing a series of moves on the other
5:00 - The wrestlers exchange blows, with one appearing to gain the upper hand once again
5:15 - The wrestlers continue to fight, with one performing a move that causes the other to roll out of the ring
5:30 - The wrestlers re-enter the ring and continue to fight, with one performing a move that causes the other to fall to the ground once again
5:45 - The wrestlers continue to fight, with one performing a series of moves on the other
6:00 - The wrestlers exchange blows, with one appearing to gain the upper hand once again
6:15 - The wrestlers continue to fight, with one performing a move that causes the other to roll out of the ring
6:30 - The wrestlers re-enter the ring and continue to fight, with one performing a move that causes the other to fall to the ground once again
6:45 - The wrestlers continue to fight, with one performing a series of moves on the other
7:00 - The wrestlers exchange blows, with one appearing to gain the upper hand once again
7:15 - The wrestlers continue to fight, with one performing a move that causes the other to roll out of the ring
7:30 - The wrestlers re-enter the ring and continue to fight, with one performing a move that causes the other to fall to the ground once again
7:45 - The wrestlers continue to fight, with one performing a series of moves on the other
8:00 - The wrestlers exchange blows, with one appearing to gain the upper hand once again
8:15 - The wrestlers continue to fight, with one performing a move that causes the other to roll out of the ring
8:30 - The wrestlers re-enter the ring and continue to fight, with one performing a move that causes the other to fall to the ground once again
8:45 - The wrestlers continue to fight, with one performing a series of moves on the other
9:00 - The wrestlers exchange blows, with one appearing to gain the upper hand once again
9:15 - The wrestlers continue to fight, with one performing a move that causes the other to roll out of the ring
"9:30 - The wrestlers re-enter the ring and continue to fight, with one performing a move that causes the other to fall to the ground"",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, we see a wrestling match taking place in a ring. The wrestlers are engaging in various moves and techniques, including one wrestler performing a powerbomb on another. The crowd is cheering and clapping as they watch the action unfold. Overall, it appears to be an exciting and energetic event."

<place/location>: Wrestling match
"<event/action>: Wrestlers performing various moves and techniques in a ring while the crowd cheers and claps."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a wrestling ring, with two wrestlers engaging in a match. The first spatio-temporal context is in the ring, where the wrestlers are performing various moves and holds on each other. The second context is the audience watching the match, who are cheering and clapping for their favorite wrestlers. The video starts at 0:00 and ends at 2:30."

At the beginning of the video, one wrestler performs a move on the other, causing the second wrestler to fall to the ground. The first wrestler then pins the second wrestler to the mat, signaling the end of the match. The audience reacts with cheers and applause.

At 0:30, the first wrestler performs a move on the second wrestler, who rolls out of the ring to avoid being pinned. The first wrestler then exits the ring to continue the match outside of the ring.

At 1:00, the wrestlers engage in a series of moves and holds, with the first wrestler gaining the upper hand and performing a pin on the second wrestler. However, the second wrestler manages to kick out before the three count is reached, allowing the match to continue.

At 1:30, the wrestlers engage in a high-flying move, with one wrestler performing a leapfrog over the other and then performing a dropkick. The audience reacts with cheers and applause.

At 2:00, the wrestlers continue to engage in various moves and holds, with the first wrestler gaining the advantage and performing a pin on the second wrestler. However, the second wrestler manages to kick out before the three count is reached, leading to a continuation of the match.

"At 2:30, the video ends with the wrestlers continuing to engage in the match, with no clear winner in sight."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:05 - The camera pans to show a group of people playing soccer in an indoor gym."

0:10 - The players are seen passing the ball to each other and trying to score goals.

0:15 - One player makes a successful shot and scores a goal.

0:20 - The players continue to play and the camera focuses on their movements and techniques.

0:25 - The players are seen practicing their dribbling and passing skills.

0:30 - The camera pans out to show the entire gym and the players continue to play.

0:35 - The players are seen celebrating after scoring a goal.

0:40 - The camera pans to show the scoreboard and the players' team is leading.

0:45 - The players continue to play and the camera focuses on their movements and techniques.

1:00 - The players are seen practicing their shooting skills and trying to score goals.

1:10 - The players are seen celebrating after scoring a goal.

1:15 - The camera pans out to show the entire gym and the players continue to play.

1:20 - The players are seen practicing their passing and dribbling skills.

1:25 - The camera focuses on one player who is attempting to make a difficult shot.

1:30 - The player makes a successful shot and scores a goal.

1:35 - The players continue to play and the camera focuses on their movements and techniques.

1:40 - The players are seen celebrating after scoring a goal.

1:45 - The camera pans out to show the entire gym and the players continue to play.

2:00 - The players are seen practicing their shooting and passing skills.

2:05 - The camera focuses on one player who is attempting to make a difficult shot.

2:10 - The player makes a successful shot and scores a goal.

2:15 - The players continue to play and the camera focuses on their movements and techniques.

2:20 - The players are seen celebrating after scoring a goal.

2:25 - The camera pans out to show the entire gym and the players continue to play.

2:30 - The players are seen practicing their passing and dribbling skills.

2:35 - The camera focuses on one player who is attempting to make a difficult shot.

2:40 - The player makes a successful shot and scores a goal.

2:45 - The players continue to play and the camera focuses on their movements and techniques.

3:00 - The players are seen celebrating after scoring a goal.

3:05 - The camera pans out to show the entire gym and the players continue to play.

3:10 - The players are seen practicing their passing and dribbling skills.

3:15 - The camera focuses on one player who is attempting to make a difficult shot.

3:20 - The player makes a successful shot and scores a goal.

3:25 - The players continue to play and the camera focuses on their movements and techniques.

3:30 - The players are seen celebrating after scoring a goal.

3:35 - The camera pans out to show the entire gym and the players continue to play.

3:40 - The players are seen practicing their passing and dribbling skills.

3:45 - The camera focuses on one player who is attempting to make a difficult shot.

3:50 - The player makes a successful shot and scores a goal.

3:55 - The players continue to play and the camera focuses on their movements and techniques.

4:00 - The players are seen celebrating after scoring a goal.

4:05 - The camera pans out to show the entire gym and the players continue to play.

4:10 - The players are seen practicing their passing and dribbling skills.

4:15 - The camera focuses on one player who is attempting to make a difficult shot.

4:20 - The player makes a successful shot and scores a goal.

4:25 - The players continue to play and the camera focuses on their movements and techniques.

4:30 - The players are seen celebrating after scoring a goal.

4:35 - The camera pans out to show the entire gym and the players continue to play.

4:40 - The players are seen practicing their passing and dribbling skills.

"4:4"",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>, Indoor sports hall: people are playing soccer on a blue and yellow court.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in an indoor sports facility, specifically a basketball court. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are as follows:"

1. 0:00-0:05: The camera pans across the basketball court, showing the players warming up.
2. 0:06-0:10: The players start playing a game of basketball, with one team in yellow jerseys and the other in blue jerseys.
3. 0:11-0:15: One player makes a successful shot, and the other team reacts by trying to block the next shot.
4. 0:16-0:20: The players continue to play the game, with some close calls and near misses.
5. 0:21-0:25: The camera focuses on one player as he dribbles the ball and makes a successful shot.

"Overall, the video shows a group of people playing basketball in an indoor sports facility. The players are seen warming up, playing the game, and making shots. The video is filmed in a clear and concise manner, making it easy to follow the action."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a person's hands preparing cupcakes. The person is seen scooping batter into muffin cups and then adding frosting on top. The video then shows the cupcakes being decorated with various toppings, including sprinkles and chocolate chips."

At around 0:15, the person is seen using a piping bag to pipe frosting onto the cupcakes. The video then shows the cupcakes being decorated with different colors and designs.

At around 0:30, the person is seen adding a final touch to the cupcakes by adding a cherry on top. The video then shows the finished cupcakes being displayed on a table.

The video ends with a close-up shot of the cupcakes, highlighting their colorful designs and decorations.

"Overall, the video shows the process of making and decorating cupcakes, providing a visual and engaging experience for the viewer."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, a person is making chocolate cupcakes and decorating them with frosting and sprinkles. The cupcakes are placed in muffin tins and baked in an oven. The person then decorates the cupcakes with frosting and sprinkles, using a piping bag to create intricate designs on the cupcakes. The video also shows the person adding chocolate chips to the cupcakes before baking them. The final result is a delicious and visually appealing dessert."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person preparing and decorating cupcakes with different colors and toppings. The cupcakes are placed in muffin tins and frosted with various icing designs. The person uses a piping bag to apply the icing and decorates each cupcake with different toppings, such as sprinkles and chocolate chips. The video also shows the person adding food coloring to the icing to create different colors. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are a kitchen counter and the person's hands. The video starts with the person preparing the cupcake batter and ends with the decorated cupcakes being displayed on a table. The event/action in the video is the preparation and decoration of cupcakes."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:05-0:10: People are walking on the street."
0:11-0:15: A man is walking with a dog on a leash.
0:16-0:20: A group of people is standing near a fence.
0:21-0:25: A woman is walking with a dog on a leash.
0:26-0:30: A man is walking with a dog on a leash.
0:31-0:35: A group of people is walking on the street.
0:36-0:40: A man is walking with a dog on a leash.
0:41-0:45: A group of people is standing near a fence.
0:46-0:50: A man is walking with a dog on a leash.
0:51-0:55: A group of people is walking on the street.
"0:56-1:00: A man is walking with a dog on a leash."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a city street. People are walking around, some are carrying umbrellas, and there is a dog on a leash being walked by its owner. A group of people is gathered around a food stand, and there is a sign that reads """"free food."""" The video also shows a man in a hat and sunglasses walking down the street, and a woman in a colorful shirt and shorts is walking with a group of people. Overall, the video depicts a lively and bustling city scene."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a city street. At the beginning, a group of people, including a man with a dog, are walking on the sidewalk. Suddenly, a large crowd of people gathers around a street performer who is spraying water from a hose. The performer then sprays the crowd with water, causing them to laugh and cheer. The video ends with the performer continuing to spray water on the crowd."

Location: City street
Start timestamp: 0:00
End timestamp: 0:20
"Event/action: Street performance with water spraying."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a woman wearing a yellow shirt and black pants jumping rope in a boxing gym. She is then shown doing various exercises, such as jumping jacks and lunges, while wearing boxing gloves. The video ends with the woman continuing to jump rope."

Timeline:
0:00-0:05: Woman jumping rope
0:05-0:10: Woman doing jumping jacks
0:10-0:15: Woman doing lunges
0:15-0:20: Woman jumping rope again

"Note: The exact timing of the events may vary slightly depending on the video playback speed."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, a woman is practicing boxing in a gym. She is wearing a yellow shirt and black pants, and she is jumping rope while standing in the center of the room. The gym has a boxing ring in the background, and there are various boxes and other equipment scattered around the space. The woman appears to be focused and determined as she jumps rope, and she seems to be enjoying her workout. Overall, the video conveys a sense of energy and excitement, and it suggests that the woman is training for a boxing match or other athletic event."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a woman in a boxing gym, wearing a yellow top and black pants. She is jumping rope while standing in the middle of the gym floor. The camera angle shows her from the side, with the rope bouncing up and down as she jumps. The background of the video is a boxing ring with ropes and a punching bag. The woman appears to be practicing her jumping rope skills."

Location: Boxing gym
Start timestamp: N/A
End timestamp: N/A
Event/action: Jumping rope

"The woman's movements are fluid and graceful, and she seems to be enjoying herself as she jumps. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a man's face. He is looking directly into the camera and appears to be in pain. The man then puts a black contact lens in his eye and covers it with his hand. He looks surprised and says, """"Oh my god, it's like putting in a contact lens."""" The man then removes the contact lens and examines it closely. He seems pleased with the result and says, """"I'm going to put it in my other eye."""" The video ends with the man looking directly into the camera with both eyes covered by black contact lenses."

Timeline:
0:00-0:05: Man looks into camera with pain in his face
0:06-0:10: Man puts black contact lens in his eye
0:11-0:15: Man covers his eye with his hand and looks surprised
0:16-0:20: Man removes the contact lens and examines it closely
0:21-0:25: Man puts the contact lens in his other eye
"0:26-0:30: Man looks directly into the camera with both eyes covered by black contact lenses."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a man putting a black object into his eye and then looking surprised. It is unclear what the object is or why the man is doing this. The video does not provide any context or explanation for the events taking place. It is important to avoid sharing false or misleading information, and in this case, it is not possible to determine the accuracy of the video without additional context."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a close-up of a man's face as he puts a contact lens in his eye. The man is looking directly at the camera with a serious expression. The video starts with the man holding a contact lens in his hand and then placing it on his index finger. He then uses his other hand to hold his eyelid open and inserts the contact lens into his eye. The man's eye blinks several times as he adjusts the contact lens. The video ends with the man looking directly at the camera with the contact lens in his eye."

Location: Close-up of a man's face
Start-timestamp: 0:00
End-timestamp: 0:15
"Event/action: The man puts a contact lens in his eye."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a man in a suit and tie sitting at a desk in a news studio. He is talking about a bullfighting event that took place in Madrid, Spain. The man then shows a clip of the bullfight and explains that it is a traditional Spanish event. He also mentions that the bullfighter, jose tores, was injured during the event. The video ends with the man thanking the audience for watching and signing off."

Timeline:
0:00-0:05: Introduction to the video and the topic of bullfighting in Madrid, Spain.
0:06-0:12: Clip of the bullfighting event and the bullfighter, jose tores, in action.
0:13-0:18: The man explains that jose tores was injured during the event.
"0:19-0:22: The man thanks the audience for watching and signs off."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a news studio. A man in a suit and tie is sitting at a desk and talking to the camera about bullfighting. He mentions that it is a controversial and divisive topic, but also a cultural tradition in some parts of the world. The man then shows a bullfighter's cape and discusses its significance in the sport. He also mentions that bullfighting is not for everyone and that it can be a dangerous and violent activity. The man concludes by saying that bullfighting is a complex issue with both positive and negative aspects, and that it is important to consider the ethical implications of the sport."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a news studio. A man in a suit and tie is sitting at a desk and talking to the camera. He is discussing a bullfighting event that took place in Madrid, Spain. The man is a reporter and he is explaining the significance of the event and the history of bullfighting in Spain. He also mentions that the event is controversial and that some people believe it is cruel to animals. The video ends with the man thanking the viewer for watching and signing off the news segment."

The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are:

* Madrid, Spain (location)
* Present day (time)
* News segment (event/action)

"The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. It is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:00-0:05: The video begins with a close-up shot of two women competing in an arm wrestling match."

0:06-0:10: The referee signals the start of the match, and the competitors begin to pull against each other.

0:11-0:15: One of the competitors gains an advantage and begins to apply more pressure to her opponent's arm.

0:16-0:20: The other competitor fights back, and the two women continue to struggle against each other.

0:21-0:25: The referee signals the end of the match, and the winner is declared.

0:26-0:30: The competitors shake hands and congratulate each other on a good match.

"Overall, the video shows a competitive and exciting arm wrestling match between two skilled athletes."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place at a wrestling competition. Two female wrestlers are competing against each other in an arm wrestling match. The crowd is cheering and clapping as they watch the match unfold. The wrestlers are wearing wrestling attire and are focused on the task at hand. The referee is also present, ensuring that the rules are being followed. The video ends with the winner being announced and the crowd applauding."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a competition setting, with two female arm wrestlers facing each other at a table. The competition appears to be ongoing, with a referee and a crowd of spectators watching the match. The exact location of the event is not mentioned in the video, but it appears to be taking place indoors."

The video starts with a close-up shot of the two competitors' hands on the table, ready to begin the arm wrestling match. The referee then signals the start of the competition, and the two women begin to pull on each other's arms with all their might.

The video shows several angles of the match, including close-ups of the competitors' faces and hands, as well as wide shots of the crowd and the table where the match is taking place. The video also shows the referee making various calls and signals throughout the match.

"The video ends with a shot of the two competitors standing next to each other, looking exhausted but proud of their efforts. The exact outcome of the match is not mentioned in the video, but it appears that both women gave it their all."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of pasta being cooked in a pan. The pasta is then drained and placed on a plate. A green sauce is poured over the pasta, and a sprinkle of parmesan cheese is added. The video ends with a close-up shot of the pasta dish."

<0:00-0:05>: Cooking pasta in a pan
<0:05-0:10>: Draining the pasta
<0:10-0:15>: Pouring green sauce over the pasta
"<0:15-0:20>: Adding parmesan cheese to the pasta dish."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, a person is cooking pasta with pesto sauce in a pan on a stove. The pasta is being stirred with a wooden spoon, and the sauce is being poured over the pasta. The video also shows close-up shots of the pasta and the sauce being mixed together. The person is using a garlic press to add garlic to the sauce, and there are also shots of olive oil being poured into the pan. The video ends with the pasta being served on a plate."

<place/location>: Cooking pasta with pesto sauce on a stove
<event/action>: Stirring pasta with a wooden spoon, pouring sauce over pasta, adding garlic with a garlic press, pouring olive oil into the pan.
<place/location>: Kitchen counter
"<event/action>: Serving pasta on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a close-up view of a white plate with pasta and vegetables on it. A person is pouring a yellow sauce over the pasta. The sauce is made with olive oil, garlic, and parsley. The video also shows a wooden spoon being used to mix the sauce into the pasta. The video ends with a close-up view of the pasta and vegetables on the plate."

Summary:
Location: Kitchen table
Start timestamp: 0:00
End timestamp: 0:10
"Event/action: Cooking pasta with vegetables and pouring yellow sauce over it."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a man and a woman sitting on a beach chair, and the man is holding a piece of paper. The woman then stands up and walks towards the camera, revealing that she is wearing a bikini."

At around 0:11, the woman picks up a toothbrush from the ground and starts brushing her teeth. The man then joins her and they both start brushing their teeth together.

At around 0:22, the woman drops the toothbrush and it falls into the sand. She then bends down to pick it up, but the toothbrush is covered in sand and she can't find it.

The man then suggests using a stick to find the toothbrush, and they both start searching for it in the sand. They eventually find it, and the woman is relieved.

The video ends with the man and woman continuing to brush their teeth together on the beach.

Timeline:
0:00-0:06: Man and woman sitting on a beach chair
0:07-0:10: Woman stands up and picks up a toothbrush
0:11-0:15: Woman and man brush their teeth together
0:16-0:21: Woman drops the toothbrush and they search for it in the sand
"0:22-0:26: They find the toothbrush and continue brushing their teeth together."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place on a beach, where a man and a woman are sitting on the sand. The man is holding a toothbrush and the woman is wearing a white bikini. The man is trying to clean his teeth with the toothbrush, but he is having trouble doing it because the sand is getting in the way. The woman is laughing at him and making fun of him. Suddenly, the man drops the toothbrush in the sand and it gets buried. The woman then picks up the toothbrush and tries to clean it, but she is also having trouble doing it because the sand is getting in the way. They both laugh and continue to have fun on the beach."

"Event/action: A man and a woman are sitting on a beach, trying to clean their teeth with a toothbrush, but they are having trouble doing it because the sand is getting in the way. They both laugh and continue to have fun on the beach."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place on a beach, with a man and a woman sitting on the sand. The man is holding a toothbrush and the woman is wearing a white bikini. The man is trying to clean the woman's teeth with the toothbrush, but she is resisting and laughing. The video ends with the man giving up and the woman continuing to laugh."

<beach-00:00:00-00:00:30>: the man tries to clean the woman's teeth with a toothbrush.
<beach-00:00:30-00:01:00>: the woman resists and laughs.
"<beach-00:01:00-00:01:30>: the man gives up and the woman continues to laugh."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video does not provide a clear timeline of events or actions. However, we can observe that the person in the video is using a power sander to smooth out a piece of wood. The video also shows the person applying a clear coat to the wood."

Here is a possible timeline based on the visuals:

0:00 - 0:05: The person is setting up the workspace and preparing the wood for sanding.

0:06 - 0:10: The person starts sanding the wood with a power sander.

0:11 - 0:15: The person applies a clear coat to the sanded wood.

"0:16 - 0:20: The person finishes the project and the video ends."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person working in a garage or workshop, using a power sander to smooth out the surface of a piece of wood. The person is wearing safety equipment, including gloves and a mask, and the video shows close-up shots of the wood being sanded. The person also uses a measuring tape to mark out the dimensions of the wood. The video does not provide any additional context or information about the purpose of the work or the person performing it."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a workshop setting, with the main action being the use of a power sander to smooth out a piece of wood. The video starts with a close-up shot of the sander in use, followed by a series of shots showing the progress of the sanding process. The video ends with a shot of the finished product, which appears to be a piece of furniture."

The following is a more detailed breakdown of the spatio-temporal contexts in the video:

* The video takes place in a workshop setting, with various tools and equipment visible in the background.
* The main action in the video is the use of a power sander to smooth out a piece of wood.
* The video starts with a close-up shot of the sander in use, with the camera panning across the surface of the wood as it is being sanded.
* The video then shows a series of shots of the sanding process, with the camera focusing on the sander and the wood being sanded.
* The video ends with a shot of the finished product, which appears to be a piece of furniture.

"Overall, the video provides a clear and concise demonstration of the use of a power sander to smooth out a piece of wood. The spatio-temporal contexts in the video are well-defined, with the main action taking place in a workshop setting and the camera focusing on the sander and the wood being sanded."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:00-0:03: The person is shown standing in front of a kitchen sink."

0:04-0:06: The person is shown cutting vegetables with a knife.

0:07-0:09: The person is shown placing the vegetables into a frying pan.

0:10-0:12: The person is shown stirring the vegetables in the pan.

0:13-0:15: The person is shown removing the vegetables from the pan and placing them on a plate.

0:16-0:18: The person is shown cleaning the kitchen sink with a sponge.

0:19-0:21: The person is shown rinsing the vegetables under running water.

0:22-0:24: The person is shown placing the vegetables into a colander.

0:25-0:27: The person is shown wiping down the kitchen counter with a cloth.

0:28-0:30: The person is shown placing the vegetables into a bowl.

0:31-0:33: The person is shown adding seasoning to the vegetables.

0:34-0:36: The person is shown stirring the vegetables in the bowl.

0:37-0:39: The person is shown serving the vegetables onto a plate.

0:40-0:42: The person is shown cleaning the kitchen sink with a sponge.

0:43-0:45: The person is shown rinsing the vegetables under running water.

0:46-0:48: The person is shown placing the vegetables into a colander.

0:49-0:51: The person is shown wiping down the kitchen counter with a cloth.

0:52-0:54: The person is shown serving the vegetables onto a plate.

0:55-0:57: The person is shown cleaning the kitchen sink with a sponge.

0:58-1:00: The person is shown rinsing the vegetables under running water.

1:01-1:03: The person is shown placing the vegetables into a colander.

1:04-1:06: The person is shown wiping down the kitchen counter with a cloth.

1:07-1:09: The person is shown serving the vegetables onto a plate.

1:10-1:12: The person is shown cleaning the kitchen sink with a sponge.

1:13-1:15: The person is shown rinsing the vegetables under running water.

1:16-1:18: The person is shown placing the vegetables into a colander.

1:19-1:21: The person is shown wiping down the kitchen counter with a cloth.

1:22-1:24: The person is shown serving the vegetables onto a plate.

1:25-1:27: The person is shown cleaning the kitchen sink with a sponge.

1:28-1:30: The person is shown rinsing the vegetables under running water.

1:31-1:33: The person is shown placing the vegetables into a colander.

1:34-1:36: The person is shown wiping down the kitchen counter with a cloth.

1:37-1:39: The person is shown serving the vegetables onto a plate.

1:40-1:42: The person is shown cleaning the kitchen sink with a sponge.

1:43-1:45: The person is shown rinsing the vegetables under running water.

1:46-1:48: The person is shown placing the vegetables into a colander.

1:49-1:51: The person is shown wiping down the kitchen counter with a cloth.

1:52-1:54: The person is shown serving the vegetables onto a plate.

1:55-1:57: The person is shown cleaning the kitchen sink with a sponge.

1:58-2:00: The person is shown rinsing the vegetables under running water.

2:01-2:03: The person is shown placing the vegetables into a colander.

"2:04-2:06:"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person cooking vegetables in a frying pan on a kitchen counter. The person is wearing a yellow shirt and is using a wooden spoon to stir the vegetables. The kitchen counter has a sink, a dishwasher, and various kitchen appliances. The person is also using a cutting board and a knife to chop the vegetables. The video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a kitchen. A man is cooking vegetables, including carrots and onions, in a frying pan on the stove. He uses a spatula to stir the vegetables and adds salt and pepper to taste. The man then removes the vegetables from the pan and places them on a plate. The video ends with the man wiping down the countertop with a paper towel."

<kitchen-00:00:00-00:01:00>: cooking vegetables (carrots and onions) in a frying pan on the stove
<kitchen-00:01:00-00:01:30>: using a spatula to stir the vegetables and adding salt and pepper to taste
<kitchen-00:01:30-00:01:45>: removing the vegetables from the pan and placing them on a plate
"<kitchen-00:01:45-00:02:00>: wiping down the countertop with a paper towel"",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,5,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a person holding a plate and a knife in a kitchen. The person then opens a cabinet and takes out a container of food. Next, the person pours the food into a bowl and adds milk to it. Finally, the person puts the bowl on the table and sits down to eat."

<0:00>-<0:05>: The person holds a plate and a knife in a kitchen.
<0:05>-<0:10>: The person opens a cabinet and takes out a container of food.
<0:10>-<0:15>: The person pours the food into a bowl.
<0:15>-<0:20>: The person adds milk to the bowl.
"<0:20>-<0:25>: The person puts the bowl on the table and sits down to eat."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, a person is standing in a kitchen and opening a plastic container filled with food. They are also holding a plate and a cup of milk. The person then pours the milk into the container and stirs the food with a spoon. The video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person in a kitchen, opening a cabinet door and taking out a container of food. The person then pours the food into a bowl and sets it on the counter. The main spatio-temporal contexts in the video are:"

Kitchen-0:00-0:05: Opening cabinet door
Kitchen-0:05-0:10: Taking out container of food
Kitchen-0:10-0:15: Pouring food into bowl
"Kitchen-0:15-0:20: Setting bowl on counter."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,1,1,1,5,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a close-up view of a person's hands holding a piece of paper and a spoon. The person then pours water from a glass into a bowl, and the camera pans to show the kitchen counter and sink. The person then washes the spoon in the sink and dries it on a towel. The video ends with the person putting the spoon back on the counter."

Timeline:
0:00-0:03: The person holds a piece of paper and a spoon.
0:04-0:06: The person pours water from a glass into a bowl.
0:07-0:10: The camera pans to show the kitchen counter and sink.
0:11-0:13: The person washes the spoon in the sink.
0:14-0:15: The person dries the spoon on a towel.
"0:16-0:18: The person puts the spoon back on the counter."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person in a kitchen, washing a glass with a sponge and water from a sink. The person is wearing a black shirt and is standing in front of a wooden table with a white countertop. The kitchen has a wooden floor and a wooden door leading to another room. The person is using a sponge to clean the glass, and there are other items on the countertop, including a bottle of water, a knife, and a cutting board. The person is also wearing a watch on their left wrist. The video is filmed from a bird's eye view, and the lighting is bright. The person is moving their hands and arms as they clean the glass, and there is no dialogue in the video. The video is filmed in a clean and organized kitchen, and there is no evidence of any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a kitchen with a wooden floor and a stainless steel sink. A person is shown washing a white ceramic mug in the sink using a sponge and dish soap. The person then dries the mug with a towel and sets it on the counter next to a black coffee mug. The video does not provide any additional context or information."

<place/location>: kitchen
<start-timestamp>: 0:00
<end-timestamp>: 0:15
"<event/action>: washing and drying a white ceramic mug in a stainless steel sink using a sponge and dish soap."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a person's hand washing dishes in a kitchen sink. The person is using a sponge to scrub the dishes, and there are various kitchen utensils and appliances visible on the countertop."

At around 0:15, the person puts a dish in the sink and begins to rinse it off with water. They then use a dishcloth to dry the dish and place it on a drying rack.

At around 0:25, the person picks up a pan and begins to clean it with a sponge and dish soap. They rinse the pan out with water and then dry it off with a towel.

At around 0:35, the person turns their attention to a cutting board and begins to clean it with a sponge and dish soap. They rinse the cutting board off with water and then dry it off with a towel.

At around 0:45, the person puts a pot on the stove and begins to heat it up. They then add some oil to the pot and begin to cook something in it.

At around 0:55, the person turns their attention to a frying pan and begins to clean it with a sponge and dish soap. They rinse the pan out with water and then dry it off with a towel.

At around 1:05, the person turns the stove off and begins to pack up their dishes and utensils. They put the dishes away in the cabinets and then wipe down the countertop with a cloth.

"The video ends with a close-up shot of the person's hand washing the last dish in the sink."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink. The person is using a sponge and dish soap to clean the dishes. The video also shows the person rinsing the dishes under running water and placing them in a dish rack to dry. The kitchen counter and sink are visible in the background. The video is filmed from a bird's eye view. The person is wearing a white shirt and black pants. The kitchen has wooden cabinets and a stainless steel sink. The video is shot in a brightly lit room with natural light coming in through a window. The video is peaceful and calming, with no background music or sound effects. The person's movements are smooth and deliberate, making the video easy to watch and follow. Overall, the video is a simple and straightforward depiction of someone doing the dishes in a kitchen."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,4,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen. The person is using a sponge and soap to clean the dishes in a sink. The video does not provide any additional context or information."

Location: Kitchen
Start timestamp: N/A
End timestamp: N/A
"Event/action: Washing dishes in a sink using a sponge and soap."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a close-up shot of a kitchen counter with various items on it, including a toaster, bread, and a knife. A person's hand is seen reaching for the toaster and taking out a slice of bread. The person then spreads jam on the bread and puts it back in the toaster. The video ends with the person taking the toasted bread out of the toaster and placing it on a plate."

Timeline:
0:00-0:05: Close-up shot of kitchen counter with various items
0:05-0:08: Person's hand reaches for toaster and takes out slice of bread
0:08-0:12: Person spreads jam on bread
0:12-0:15: Person puts bread back in toaster
"0:15-0:18: Person takes toasted bread out of toaster and places it on plate."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person's kitchen counter with various items such as a toaster, bread, and a knife. The person is seen cutting a piece of bread and spreading jam on it. The video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a kitchen, and the main spatio-temporal contexts are as follows:"

1. 0:00-0:04: The camera pans over a kitchen counter with various items on it, including a toaster, a knife, and a loaf of bread.
2. 0:05-0:08: A person's hand is seen spreading butter on a slice of bread.
3. 0:09-0:12: The person takes a bite of the bread and chews it.
4. 0:13-0:16: The person puts the bread down and picks up a jar of jam.
5. 0:17-0:20: The person opens the jar of jam and takes a spoonful of jam.
6. 0:21-0:24: The person puts the jam on the bread and spreads it evenly.
7. 0:25-0:28: The person takes another bite of the bread and chews it.
8. 0:29-0:32: The person puts the bread down and picks up a cup of tea.
9. 0:33-0:36: The person takes a sip of the tea and sets the cup down.
10. 0:37-0:40: The person picks up a piece of toast and puts it in the toaster.
11. 0:41-0:44: The person waits for the toast to pop up and takes it out of the toaster.
12. 0:45-0:48: The person puts the toast on a plate and adds butter and jam to it.
13. 0:49-0:52: The person takes a bite of the toast and chews it.

"Therefore, the main event/action in the video is a person making and eating toast with butter and jam."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,1,1,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a person's hand reaching for items on a kitchen counter. The counter is cluttered with various kitchen appliances, food items, and containers. The person then opens a cabinet above the counter and takes out a blender. They place the blender on the counter and begin to prepare a smoothie."

Next, the person adds ingredients to the blender, including frozen fruit, milk, and protein powder. They then close the blender lid and press the start button. The blender begins to blend the ingredients, and the person watches as the smoothie is made.

Once the smoothie is ready, the person pours it into a glass and adds a straw. They then take a sip of the smoothie and seem to enjoy it. The video ends with the person looking satisfied and smiling at the camera.

Timeline:
0:00-0:05: Person's hand reaches for items on kitchen counter
0:06-0:10: Person opens cabinet above counter and takes out blender
0:11-0:15: Person places blender on counter and begins to prepare smoothie
0:16-0:20: Person adds ingredients to blender
0:21-0:25: Person closes blender lid and presses start button
0:26-0:30: Person pours smoothie into glass and adds straw
"0:31-0:35: Person takes sip of smoothie and seems satisfied."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a kitchen counter with various items such as a toaster, a kettle, and a coffee machine. A person's hand is reaching for the coffee machine. The video does not provide any context or explanation for the events occurring in the place/location."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a kitchen, with a person reaching for items on a shelf. The exact spatio-temporal contexts are not mentioned, but the person is seen touching various objects, including a blender and a box of cereal."

"Therefore, the summary would be: Kitchen-00:00-00:10: Reaching for items on a shelf."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,1,1,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a person cutting onions on a kitchen counter. Then, the person adds minced meat to a pan and stirs it with a wooden spoon. Next, the person adds chopped onions and garlic to the pan and cooks them until they are soft. Finally, the person adds some spices and stirs the mixture."

<0:00-0:10>: The person is cutting onions on a kitchen counter.
<0:10-0:20>: The person adds minced meat to a pan and stirs it with a wooden spoon.
<0:20-0:30>: The person adds chopped onions and garlic to the pan and cooks them until they are soft.
"<0:30-0:40>: The person adds some spices and stirs the mixture."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person cooking food in a kitchen. The person is chopping onions on a cutting board and adding them to a pan on the stove. The person is also using a knife to chop other ingredients, such as garlic and meat. The person is wearing gloves and is standing in front of a kitchen counter with various kitchen appliances and utensils nearby. The video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is chopping onions on a cutting board and cooking minced meat in a pan on the stove. The kitchen counter is cluttered with various ingredients and utensils. The person is wearing gloves and is using a wooden spoon to stir the food. The video does not provide any specific context or location information."

Summary:
"Kitchen- 0:00-0:30: Preparing food (chopping onions, cooking minced meat)"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,1,1,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:00 - The person is standing in front of a stove and cooking food in a pan."

0:05 - The person stirs the food in the pan with a wooden spoon.

0:10 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan and continues to cook the food.

0:15 - The person turns off the stove and removes the pan from the heat.

0:20 - The person serves the food onto a plate and sits down to eat.

"End of timeline."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person cooking food in a kitchen. The person is stirring a pot of meat with a wooden spoon. The kitchen has a stove, a refrigerator, and other kitchen appliances. The person is wearing blue jeans and a white shirt. The video is filmed from a bird's eye view. The person is standing in front of the stove and cooking the food. The video is set to upbeat music. The person is smiling and appears to be enjoying cooking the food. The video is filmed in a brightly lit kitchen. The person is using a wooden spoon to stir the pot of meat. The video is set to a fast pace, with quick cuts between different angles of the person cooking the food. The video is filmed in a clean and organized kitchen. The person is wearing a blue apron, which adds to the overall aesthetic of the video. The video is filmed in a professional and polished manner, with clear and concise instructions provided by the person. The video is intended to be entertaining and informative, with a focus on cooking and food preparation. The video is suitable for all ages and is appropriate for viewing by children and adults alike. The video is safe and does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature. The video is intended to be educational and informative, with a focus on cooking and food preparation. The video is suitable for use in a classroom or educational setting, as well as for personal use by individuals who are interested in cooking and food preparation. The video is also suitable for use on social media platforms, such as YouTube and Facebook, as well as on other websites and platforms that are focused on cooking and food preparation. The video is a valuable resource for individuals who are interested in learning how to cook and prepare food, as well as for individuals who are looking for inspiration and ideas for new and exciting recipes. The video is a valuable resource for individuals who are interested in cooking and food preparation, as well as for individuals who are looking for inspiration and ideas for new and exciting recipes. The video is a valuable resource for individuals who are interested in cooking and food preparation, as well as for individuals who are looking for inspiration and ideas for new and exciting recipes. The video is a valuable resource for individuals who are interested in cooking and food preparation, as well as for individuals who are looking for inspiration and ideas for new and exciting recipes. The video is a valuable resource for individuals who are interested in cooking and food preparation, as well as for individuals who are looking for inspiration and ideas for new and exciting recipes. The video is a valuable resource for individuals who are interested in cooking and food preparation, as well as for individuals who are looking for inspiration and ideas for new and exciting recipes. The video is a valuable resource for individuals who are interested in cooking and food preparation, as well as for individuals who are looking for inspiration and ideas for new and exciting recipes. The video is a valuable resource for individuals who are interested in cooking and food preparation, as well as for individuals who are looking for inspiration and ideas for new and exciting recipes. The video is a valuable resource for individuals who are interested in cooking and food preparation, as well as for individuals who are looking for inspiration and ideas for new and exciting recipes. The video is a valuable resource for individuals who are interested in cooking and food preparation, as well as for individuals who are looking for inspiration and ideas for new and exciting recipes. The video is a valuable resource for individuals who are interested in cooking and food preparation, as well as for individuals who are looking for inspiration and ideas for new and exciting recipes. The video is a valuable resource for individuals who are interested in cooking and food preparation, as well as for individuals who are looking for inspiration and ideas for new and exciting recipes. The video is a valuable resource for individuals who are interested in cooking and food preparation, as well as for individuals who are looking for inspiration and ideas for new and exciting recipes. The video is a valuable resource for individuals who are interested in cooking and food preparation, as well as for individuals who are looking for inspiration and ideas for new and exciting recipes. The video is a valuable resource for individuals who are interested in cooking and food preparation, as well as for individuals who are looking for inspiration and ideas for new and exciting recipes. The video is a valuable resource for individuals who are interested in cooking and food preparation, as well as for individuals who are looking for inspiration and ideas for new and exciting recipes. The video is a valuable resource for individuals who are interested in cooking and food preparation, as well as for individuals who are looking for inspiration and ideas for new and exciting recipes. The video is a valuable resource for individuals who are interested in cooking and food preparation, as well as for individuals who are looking for inspiration and ideas for new and exciting recipes. The video is a valuable resource for individuals who are interested in cooking and food preparation, as well as for individuals who"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,5,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person cooking minced meat in a frying pan on a kitchen stove. The person is using a wooden spoon to stir the meat and add seasonings. The video does not provide any specific location or time information."

<place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: cooking minced meat in a frying pan on a kitchen stove.

<place/location>: kitchen
<start-timestamp>: N/A
<end-timestamp>: N/A
"<event/action>: cooking minced meat in a frying pan on a kitchen stove."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,4,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:00 - The person opens the refrigerator door."
0:03 - The person takes out a container of butter.
0:05 - The person washes the butter with water and soap.
0:08 - The person puts the butter back into the refrigerator.
0:10 - The person closes the refrigerator door.

"Therefore, the person washes the butter in the sink before putting it back into the refrigerator."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink. They are using a sponge to scrub the dishes and rinse them off with water. The person then places the dishes in a dish rack to dry. The video also shows a person reaching into the refrigerator to take out some food. The person then puts the food on a plate and covers it with plastic wrap. The video ends with the person putting the plate in the refrigerator."

<place/location>: kitchen
"<event/action>: washing dishes, putting food in refrigerator"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen. The person is holding a sponge and using it to scrub the dishes in a sink. The dishes appear to be made of glass and have food residue on them. The person is wearing a blue shirt and appears to be standing in front of a countertop with a stove and other kitchen appliances in the background. The video does not provide any additional context or information."

Context:
<kitchen-20:30-21:00>: person washes dishes in a sink using a sponge.

Event/Action:
"<kitchen-20:30-21:00>: person washes dishes in a sink using a sponge."",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,1,1,1,4,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:00-0:05: The person is holding a lemon and a knife on a kitchen counter."

0:05-0:10: The person is cutting the lemon into slices.

0:10-0:15: The person is placing the lemon slices into a bowl.

0:15-0:20: The person is cleaning the kitchen counter with a cloth.

0:20-0:25: The person is putting the lemon slices into a blender.

0:25-0:30: The person is adding water and ice to the blender.

0:30-0:35: The person is blending the lemon slices, water, and ice.

0:35-0:40: The person is pouring the lemon juice into a glass.

0:40-0:45: The person is adding sugar to the lemon juice and stirring it with a spoon.

0:45-0:50: The person is adding water to the lemon juice and stirring it with a spoon.

0:50-0:55: The person is tasting the lemon juice and adding more sugar if needed.

"0:55-1:00: The person is drinking the lemon juice."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>, The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are using a lemon and a knife to cut it into slices. The person then places the slices on a cutting board and sets it aside. The kitchen counter is cluttered with various kitchen utensils and appliances. The person is wearing a pink shirt and black pants. The background music is upbeat and cheerful. The video is well-lit and the camera angles provide a clear view of the person's actions. The overall tone of the video is positive and friendly.,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a kitchen, and the main event is a person using a grater to zest a lemon over a cutting board. The spatio-temporal contexts are as follows:"

Kitchen-0:00-0:05: The video begins with a close-up shot of a kitchen counter with various kitchen utensils and ingredients.

Kitchen-0:05-0:10: A person's hand is seen holding a lemon and using a grater to zest it over a cutting board.

Kitchen-0:10-0:15: The camera pans out to show the person's hand and the cutting board with the zested lemon.

Kitchen-0:15-0:20: The person's hand is seen scooping the zested lemon into a bowl.

Kitchen-0:20-0:25: The camera pans out to show the person's hand and the bowl with the zested lemon.

"Kitchen-0:25-0:30: The video ends with a close-up shot of the bowl with the zested lemon."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,1,1,1,9,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:00-0:03: The person is holding a glass of orange juice."

0:03-0:06: The person is pouring the orange juice into a bowl.

0:06-0:09: The person is stirring the orange juice with a spoon.

0:09-0:12: The person is adding something to the orange juice.

0:12-0:15: The person is stirring the mixture again.

0:15-0:18: The person is pouring the mixture into a container.

0:18-0:21: The person is cleaning up the kitchen counter.

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

0:00-0:03: Holding a glass of orange juice.

0:03-0:06: Pouring the orange juice into a bowl.

0:06-0:09: Stirring the orange juice with a spoon.

0:09-0:12: Adding something to the orange juice.

0:12-0:15: Stirring the mixture again.

0:15-0:18: Pouring the mixture into a container.

"0:18-0:21: Cleaning up the kitchen counter."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is using a bowl to mix ingredients, including eggs, in a pot on the stove. The person then pours the mixture into a baking dish and puts it in the oven to bake. The person also uses a spatula to stir the mixture in the pot and a spoon to scoop it out of the bowl. The video ends with the person taking the baking dish out of the oven and serving the food."

<kitchen>: <person mixes ingredients in a pot on the stove>
<kitchen>: <person pours mixture into a baking dish and puts it in the oven to bake>
<kitchen>: <person uses a spatula to stir mixture in the pot>
<kitchen>: <person uses a spoon to scoop mixture out of the bowl>
"<kitchen>: <person takes baking dish out of the oven and serves food>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,6,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a kitchen. A person is holding a spoon and stirring a yellow liquid in a pot on the stove. The person then pours the liquid into a glass and adds a slice of bread to it. The person then puts the glass in the microwave and sets the timer for 30 seconds. The video ends with the person taking the glass out of the microwave and tasting the food."

<kitchen-0:00-0:15>: person stirs yellow liquid in pot on stove
<kitchen-0:15-0:30>: person pours liquid into glass and adds bread
<kitchen-0:30-0:45>: person puts glass in microwave and sets timer for 30 seconds
<kitchen-0:45-0:55>: person takes glass out of microwave and tastes food.

"There are no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video. The video is socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,1,1,1,5,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video does not provide a clear timeline of events or actions. However, we can observe that a person is opening and closing the refrigerator door, and there are plates and utensils on the countertop. The person also mentions that they are looking for a specific dish, but it is not clear what it is. Additionally, there are some objects on the countertop, such as a bottle of water and a bowl of food. Overall, the video appears to be a brief glimpse into someone's kitchen."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person entering a kitchen and opening the refrigerator to take out food. The person then puts the food on the counter and washes the dishes in the sink. The kitchen has a blue and white tile floor, a wooden countertop, and a stainless steel refrigerator. The person is wearing a blue shirt and appears to be cooking or preparing food. The video is filmed in a first-person perspective, giving the viewer a clear view of the kitchen and the person's actions. The video is positive in nature and does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a kitchen with a person opening the refrigerator and taking out food. The time frame is not explicitly stated, but the person mentions that they are hungry and that they have been working for a long time. The event/action is the person taking food from the refrigerator."

"<kitchen-00:00:00-00:00:10>: person opens refrigerator and takes out food."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a person opening the refrigerator and taking out ingredients for cooking. They then crack an egg into a bowl and beat it with a fork. The person adds some spices and mixes the ingredients together. They then form the mixture into small balls and place them on a baking tray. The video ends with the person putting the tray in the oven to bake the meatballs."

Timeline:
<0:00>-<0:05>: Person opens refrigerator and takes out ingredients
<0:05>-<0:10>: Person cracks egg into a bowl and beats it with a fork
<0:10>-<0:15>: Person adds spices and mixes the ingredients together
<0:15>-<0:20>: Person forms the mixture into small balls and places them on a baking tray
"<0:20>-<0:25>: Person puts the tray in the oven to bake the meatballs."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are cracking eggs into a bowl and then placing the bowl on a stove. The person then adds some ingredients to the bowl and stirs it with a spoon. The video also shows other items on the kitchen counter, including a cutting board, a knife, and some vegetables. The person is wearing a white shirt and appears to be cooking for themselves. The video is filmed in a brightly lit kitchen with white cabinets and a stainless steel refrigerator. The overall atmosphere is calm and peaceful."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a kitchen. A person is preparing food, including eggs, in a bowl. The person cracks an egg into the bowl and separates the yolk from the white. The person then adds ingredients to the bowl, including flour, water, and oil. The person mixes the ingredients together and forms the mixture into small balls. The person then places the balls into a pan and cooks them on the stove. The video ends with the person removing the cooked balls from the pan and placing them on a plate."

<kitchen-00:00:05-00:01:20>: preparing food
<kitchen-00:01:21-00:01:45>: cracking an egg into a bowl
<kitchen-00:01:46-00:02:05>: separating the yolk from the white
<kitchen-00:02:06-00:02:30>: adding ingredients to the bowl
<kitchen-00:02:31-00:03:00>: mixing the ingredients together
<kitchen-00:03:01-00:03:30>: forming the mixture into small balls
<kitchen-00:03:31-00:04:00>: cooking the balls in a pan on the stove
"<kitchen-00:04:01-00:04:30>: removing the cooked balls from the pan and placing them on a plate"",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,9,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a person kneading dough on a kitchen counter. The person then puts the dough in a baking dish and covers it with foil. Next, the person puts the dish in the oven and sets the timer for 30 minutes."

At the 30-minute mark, the person takes the dish out of the oven and removes the foil. The person then puts the dish back in the oven for another 10 minutes.

Finally, the person takes the dish out of the oven and serves the food on a plate. The video ends with the person eating the food.

The timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

<0:00>-<0:15>: Person kneading dough on a kitchen counter
<0:15>-<0:30>: Person puts dough in a baking dish and covers it with foil
<0:30>-<0:40>: Person puts dish in the oven and sets timer for 30 minutes
<0:40>-<1:00>: Person takes dish out of the oven, removes foil, and puts it back in the oven for another 10 minutes
<1:00>-<1:15>: Person takes dish out of the oven and serves food on a plate
"<1:15>-<1:30>: Person eats food."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is kneading dough on a wooden cutting board and placing it in a baking dish. There are also other ingredients and utensils on the counter, including a bowl of flour, a rolling pin, and a knife. The person is wearing an apron and appears to be cooking for a family or guests. The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a kitchen, and the main event is a person kneading dough on a wooden cutting board. The person is wearing a white t-shirt and is standing in front of a sink and a stove. The dough appears to be for making bread or rolls, and the person is using their hands to shape it. The video does not provide any specific information about the location or time of the recording."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a person cooking tofu in a pan on a kitchen stove. The person then adds some vegetables to the pan and stirs them around. Next, the person adds some sauce to the pan and continues to cook the tofu and vegetables. Finally, the person removes the pan from the stove and serves the dish on a plate."

Timeline:
0:00-0:03: Person cooking tofu in a pan on a kitchen stove.
0:04-0:06: Person adds vegetables to the pan and stirs them around.
0:07-0:09: Person adds sauce to the pan and continues to cook the tofu and vegetables.
"0:10-0:12: Person removes the pan from the stove and serves the dish on a plate."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" A person is cooking food in a kitchen, using a frying pan and a toaster. They are cutting tofu into cubes and frying it in the pan, while also adding other ingredients such as vegetables and spices. The person is also using a toaster to make toast. The video shows the person cooking the food and then serving it on a plate. The person is wearing a blue shirt and is standing in front of a black stove. The kitchen counter has various ingredients and utensils, including a knife, cutting board, and measuring cups. The video is filmed in a brightly lit kitchen with white walls and a tiled floor. The person is speaking in a clear and concise manner, providing instructions for making the dish. The video is titled """"vegan tofu stir fry"""" and is tagged with the keywords """"vegan,"""" """"tofu,"""" and """"stir fry."""" The video is intended for people who are interested in cooking vegan meals and is suitable for all skill levels. The video is also suitable for people who are looking for healthy and delicious meal ideas. Overall, the video is a helpful and informative guide for making a vegan tofu stir fry."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a kitchen, and the person is cooking food on a stove. They are using a frying pan and cutting tofu with a knife. The spatio-temporal contexts in the video are:"

Kitchen-0:00-0:10: Cooking food on a stove
Kitchen-0:05-0:10: Using a frying pan
Kitchen-0:10-0:15: Cutting tofu with a knife

"The event/action in the video is the person cooking food in the kitchen using a frying pan and cutting tofu with a knife."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,1,1,1,5,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video does not provide a clear timeline of events or actions occurring in the video. However, we can observe that a person is preparing food in a kitchen, using various kitchen appliances such as a blender, a toaster, and a microwave. The person is also using a cutting board and a knife to chop vegetables. Additionally, there are several containers and utensils visible on the countertop."

At one point, the person is pouring a yellow liquid from a container into a pan on the stove. The liquid appears to be a sauce or soup, and the person is stirring it with a spoon. The person then adds some vegetables to the pan and continues to cook the food.

"Overall, the video shows a person preparing a meal in a kitchen using various kitchen appliances and utensils. The exact timeline of events or actions is not clear, but we can infer that the person is cooking food and possibly following a recipe."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" In this video, a person is preparing food in a kitchen. They are using a blender to make a yellow sauce, which they pour into a pan on the stove. The person then adds other ingredients, such as cheese and bread, to the pan and stirs them together. The video also shows the person opening the refrigerator and taking out various ingredients, such as milk and eggs. The person is wearing a blue shirt and appears to be cooking for themselves. The kitchen has a white tile floor and white cabinets. The video is set to upbeat music and has a positive and friendly tone."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is standing in front of an open refrigerator and takes out ingredients such as eggs, milk, and butter. They then use a pan on the stove to cook the ingredients. The person is wearing a blue shirt and appears to be a woman. The video does not provide any specific context or location."

<kitchen-00:00:00-00:01:00>: The person opens the refrigerator and takes out ingredients.
<kitchen-00:01:00-00:02:00>: The person uses a pan on the stove to cook the ingredients.
<kitchen-00:02:00-00:03:00>: The person continues to cook the ingredients in the pan.

"The video does not contain any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content. The person's actions are socially unbiased and positive in nature."",0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,4,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a person standing in front of a kitchen counter with various items on it, including a microwave, a toaster, and a kettle. The person then picks up a bottle of cleaning solution and pours it into a sink."

Next, the person turns on the tap and begins to wash the bottle with soap and water. They then rinse the bottle and sets it aside.

The person then picks up a cloth and begins to wipe down the counter and the surrounding area. They also pick up some crumbs from the floor and dispose of them in a bin.

Finally, the person turns off the tap and the video ends.

Timeline:
0:00-0:03: Person standing in front of kitchen counter
0:04-0:06: Person picks up bottle of cleaning solution
0:07-0:10: Person pours cleaning solution into sink
0:11-0:13: Person turns on tap and begins to wash bottle
0:14-0:16: Person rinses bottle and sets it aside
0:17-0:19: Person picks up cloth and begins to wipe down counter and surrounding area
0:20-0:22: Person picks up crumbs from floor and disposes of them in bin
"0:23-0:25: Person turns off tap and video ends."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a kitchen. The person in the video is standing in front of a sink and countertop, and they are holding a package of cleaning supplies. They mention that they have been using the same cleaning supplies for a long time and that they are now running out. The person then proceeds to open the package and take out the cleaning supplies. They also mention that they have a microwave and a toaster on the countertop. The video ends with the person putting the cleaning supplies away and closing the package."

Therefore, the events occurring in the place/location are:

"<kitchen>: <person> is standing in front of a sink and countertop, holding a package of cleaning supplies and mentioning that they are running out. <person> opens the package and takes out the cleaning supplies. <person> puts the cleaning supplies away and closes the package. <person> mentions that there is a microwave and a toaster on the countertop."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a kitchen, and the main spatio-temporal contexts are as follows:"

0:00-0:05: The camera shows a person's hand reaching into a kitchen cabinet.

0:06-0:09: The person takes out a bottle of cleaning solution and pours it into a sink.

0:10-0:13: The person turns on the faucet and starts washing dishes.

0:14-0:17: The person puts a dish in the dishwasher and closes the door.

0:18-0:21: The person turns on the dishwasher and sets the timer.

0:22-0:25: The person takes out a bottle of detergent and pours it into the dishwasher.

0:26-0:29: The person adds a rinse aid to the dishwasher and closes the door.

0:30-0:33: The person turns on the dishwasher and walks away.

"Therefore, the main event/action in the video is the person cleaning dishes in the kitchen using a sink, dishwasher, and cleaning solution."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,1,1,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:00-0:03: The camera pans over a kitchen counter with various items on it."

0:04-0:06: A hand reaches out and picks up a plate with a cookie on it.

0:07-0:09: The hand moves the plate to a table and sets it down.

0:10-0:12: The camera zooms in on the cookie.

0:13-0:15: The hand picks up a cup of coffee and brings it to the table.

0:16-0:18: The hand sets the cup down next to the cookie.

"0:19-0:21: The camera pans out to show the entire kitchen scene."",0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a kitchen. The person in the video is pointing at different items on the counter, including a toaster, a microwave, and a plate with a cookie on it. The person also mentions a kettle and a cup of tea. There is no harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content in the video."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a kitchen with a white countertop and black tiles. The speaker is pointing out various items on the counter, including a toaster, a microwave, a plate with a cookie on it, and a cup of tea. The speaker mentions that they are going to make a sandwich and that they have a lot of food in the kitchen."

There is no clear event or action taking place in the video, but the speaker seems to be preparing to make a sandwich and is pointing out various items on the counter.

"Therefore, the summary would be: Kitchen-00:00-00:30: The speaker is pointing out various items on the counter, including a toaster, a microwave, a plate with a cookie on it, and a cup of tea, and mentions that they are going to make a sandwich."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,1,1,1,3,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video starts with a person cooking food in a kitchen. The person is using a frying pan and a pot on the stove. The food being cooked includes meat, vegetables, and spices. The person is also using a spatula to stir the food."

At around 0:15, the person adds water to the pot and stirs the food. The person then adds more spices and stirs the food again.

At around 0:30, the person turns off the stove and removes the pans from the heat. The person then washes the pans and the stove in the sink.

At around 0:45, the person turns on the tap and rinses the pans and the stove with water. The person then dries the pans and the stove with a towel.

At around 1:00, the person puts the pans and the stove back in their respective places in the kitchen. The video ends with the person looking at the camera.

Therefore, the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video is as follows:

0:00-0:15: Cooking food in a kitchen using a frying pan and a pot on the stove.

0:15-0:30: Adding water to the pot and stirring the food. Adding more spices and stirring the food again.

0:30-0:45: Turning off the stove and removing the pans from the heat. Washing the pans and the stove in the sink.

"0:45-1:00: Rinsing the pans and the stove with water. Drying the pans and the stove with a towel. Putting the pans and the stove back in their respective places in the kitchen."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person cooking food in a kitchen, specifically a stir fry with meat and vegetables. The person is using a stove top with two pans, one for cooking the meat and the other for cooking the vegetables. The person is also using a spatula to stir the food and a spoon to serve it. The video does not show any harmful, unethical, racist, sexist, toxic, dangerous, or illegal content."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a kitchen, and the main spatio-temporal contexts are as follows:"

1. 0:00-0:03: A person is shown cooking food in a pan on a stove.
2. 0:04-0:06: The person adds ingredients to the pan, including meat and vegetables.
3. 0:07-0:09: The person stirs the food in the pan with a spoon.
4. 0:10-0:12: The person adds seasoning to the food.
5. 0:13-0:15: The person turns off the stove and removes the pan from the heat.

"Therefore, the main event/action in the video is cooking food in a kitchen."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,1,1,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" 0:00-0:03: The camera shows a kitchen counter with various items on it, including a microwave, a toaster, and some food containers."

0:04-0:06: A hand reaches into the frame and picks up a container of food.

0:07-0:10: The hand opens the container and takes out some food.

0:11-0:13: The hand puts the food into a bowl.

0:14-0:16: The hand picks up a spoon and stirs the food in the bowl.

0:17-0:19: The hand puts the bowl on the counter and picks up a cup of water.

0:20-0:22: The hand pours the water into the bowl and stirs the food.

0:23-0:25: The hand picks up a spoon and eats the food from the bowl.

0:26-0:28: The hand puts the spoon back into the bowl and the camera zooms out to show the entire kitchen counter.

"End of timeline."",0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,"" The video shows a person's kitchen counter with various items on it, including food containers, a toaster, and a microwave. The person is reaching for a container of food and opening it to take out the contents. They then place the food in a bowl and add some seasoning. The person then puts the bowl in the microwave and sets the timer."

<place/location>: A kitchen counter
"<event/action>: The person reaches for a container of food, opens it, takes out the contents, puts the food in a bowl, adds seasoning, and puts the bowl in the microwave to heat it up."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaMA2,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,"" The video takes place in a kitchen. A person is seen opening a microwave and taking out food containers. The person then puts the containers on the kitchen counter and takes out a spoon. The person then opens a refrigerator and takes out a container of food. The person then puts the food in a bowl and adds some seasoning. The person then puts the bowl in the microwave and sets the timer. The video ends with the person taking the bowl out of the microwave and eating the food."

<place/location>: kitchen
<start-timestamp>: 0:00
<end-timestamp>: 0:30
<event/action>: preparing food in a kitchen

<place/location>: kitchen
<start-timestamp>: 0:15
<end-timestamp>: 0:25
<event/action>: taking food containers out of a microwave

<place/location>: kitchen counter
<start-timestamp>: 0:25
<end-timestamp>: 0:30
<event/action>: putting food containers on a kitchen counter

<place/location>: kitchen counter
<start-timestamp>: 0:25
<end-timestamp>: 0:30
<event/action>: taking a spoon out of a drawer

<place/location>: refrigerator
<start-timestamp>: 0:25
<end-timestamp>: 0:30
<event/action>: taking a container of food out of a refrigerator

<place/location>: kitchen counter
<start-timestamp>: 0:30
<end-timestamp>: 0:30
<event/action>: putting the container of food on a kitchen counter

<place/location>: kitchen counter
<start-timestamp>: 0:30
<end-timestamp>: 0:30
<event/action>: putting the food in a bowl

<place/location>: kitchen counter
<start-timestamp>: 0:30
<end-timestamp>: 0:30
<event/action>: adding seasoning to the food

<place/location>: microwave
<start-timestamp>: 0:30
<end-timestamp>: 0:30
<event/action>: putting the bowl with the food in a microwave

<place/location>: microwave
<start-timestamp>: 0:30
<end-timestamp>: 0:30
<event/action>: setting the timer on the microwave

<place/location>: microwave
<start-timestamp>: 0:30
<end-timestamp>: 0:30
<event/action>: taking the bowl out of the microwave

<place/location>: kitchen counter
<start-timestamp>: 0:30
<end-timestamp>: 0:30
"<event/action>: eating the food from the bowl."",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,13,['kitchen']"
Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man walking down the street and panning towards a pigeon. He then proceeds to make a sandwich and eats it while walking.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a man walking down the street and then entering a store. He then proceeds to order a sandwich and a drink. After receiving the food, he sits down on a bench and starts eating the sandwich. The video ends with the man finishing his meal and leaving the area.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a man walking down the street, panning towards a pigeon, and then towards a food truck. The man then proceeds to order a sandwich and a drink from the food truck. The video also shows the man eating the sandwich and drinking the drink while walking down the street.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a man walking down a street, panning towards a pigeon, and then towards a food truck. The man then proceeds to order a sandwich and a drink, which he enjoys while walking around the city.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a man walking down the street and panning towards a pigeon. He then proceeds to pick up a pile of pigeon droppings and puts them in a cup. The man then walks away from the camera.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man walking down the street, panning towards a pigeon, and then towards a food cart. The man then orders a pizza and eats it while walking away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man walking down the street, panning the camera to the pigeons on the ground, and then eating a sandwich. The man also interacts with the pigeons by feeding them and showing them to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a man walking down the street, panning towards a pigeon, and then towards a food cart. The man then orders a pizza and a drink, and the camera pans towards the food cart. The man then eats the pizza and drinks the drink.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man walking down the street and then entering a store. He then proceeds to order a sandwich and a drink. After that, he sits down and eats the sandwich while drinking the beverage. Finally, he finishes his meal and leaves the store.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a man walking down the street, panning towards a pigeon, and then towards a food truck. He then buys a sandwich and eats it while walking down the street.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A man walks down the street and passes by a pigeon."
2. The man enters a store and buys a pizza.
3. The man eats the pizza on the sidewalk.
4. The man is seen eating a sandwich.
5. The man is seen eating a hot dog.
6. The man is seen eating a salad.
7. The man is seen eating a bowl of soup.
8. The man is seen eating a piece of cake.
9. The man is seen eating a piece of fruit.
"10. The man is seen eating a bagel.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A man walks down the street and passes by a pizza shop."
0:00:30 - The man enters the pizza shop and orders a sandwich.
0:00:50 - The man receives his sandwich and sits down to eat it.
0:01:30 - The man finishes his sandwich and leaves the pizza shop.
0:02:00 - The man walks down the street and passes by a park.
0:02:30 - The man enters the park and sits down to eat his sandwich.
0:03:00 - The man finishes his sandwich and leaves the park.
0:03:30 - The man walks down the street and passes by a bus stop.
0:04:00 - The man enters the bus stop and waits for the bus.
0:04:30 - The man boards the bus and sits down.
"0:05:00 - The man arrives at his destination and leaves the bus.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man grooming his dogs in a bathroom. He trims their hair and brushes them, and then takes them outside to play.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a man and a woman walking their dogs in a park. Then, the man is shown grooming the dogs in a bathroom. He trims their hair and brushes them. The video ends with the man walking the dogs again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a man grooming his dogs in a bathroom. He is seen shaving the hair off of one of the dogs while another dog is standing on a table. The man is also shown brushing the hair of another dog. Additionally, there are shots of a man holding a dog in a room and a man holding a dog in a bathroom.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video showcases various scenes of dogs and their owners in different settings. It starts with a man and a woman walking their dog in a park, followed by a man grooming a white dog in a salon. The video also features a man and a woman walking their dog in a city, and a man grooming a white dog in a salon. Additionally, there are scenes of a man grooming a white dog in a salon and a man grooming a white dog in a bathroom.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a man grooming his dogs in a bathroom. He is seen shaving the hair off of one of the dogs and then proceeds to shave the hair off of the other dog. The man also speaks to the camera while he is grooming the dogs.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man grooming his dogs in a bathroom. He is seen washing and drying them, as well as trimming their fur. The video also includes a scene where the man is seen holding a white dog in his arms.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man grooming dogs in various locations, including a bathroom and a room. He is seen washing and shaving the dogs, and there are also shots of him holding a white dog in a bathroom. The video also includes a shot of a man holding a white dog in a bathroom.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a man grooming his dogs in a bathroom. He trims their hair, brushes them, and even shaves one of the dogs. The video also includes a scene where the man is seen talking to the camera while holding a dog.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man sitting in front of a computer screen, followed by a scene of a man grooming a dog in a bathroom. The man then proceeds to shave the dog's hair, and the video ends with the man speaking to the camera.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a man grooming his dogs in a bathroom. He is seen washing and drying them, as well as trimming their fur. The video also includes a scene where the man is seen with a white dog in a room.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a man and a woman walking their dogs in a park. The man then proceeds to bathe and groom the dogs in a tub, carefully washing and drying them. He then proceeds to trim the hair of one of the dogs, and the video ends with the man and the woman walking their dogs again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a collage of pictures of dogs."
0:00:30 - A man is shown washing a white dog in a sink.
0:00:50 - The man is shown washing another dog in a bathtub.
0:01:20 - The man is shown washing a third dog in a sink.
0:02:00 - The man is shown washing a fourth dog in a bathtub.
0:02:30 - The man is shown washing a fifth dog in a sink.
0:03:00 - The man is shown washing a sixth dog in a bathtub.
0:03:30 - The man is shown washing a seventh dog in a sink.
0:04:00 - The man is shown washing an eighth dog in a bathtub.
0:04:30 - The man is shown washing a ninth dog in a sink.
0:05:00 - The man is shown washing a tenth dog in a bathtub.
0:05:30 - The man is shown washing a eleventh dog in a sink.
0:06:00 - The man is shown washing a twelfth dog in a bathtub.
0:06:30 - The man is shown washing a thirteenth dog in a sink.
0:07:00 - The man is shown washing a fourteenth dog in a bathtub.
0:07:30 - The man is shown washing a fifteenth dog in a sink.
0:08:00 - The man is shown washing a sixteenth dog in a bathtub.
0:08:30 - The man is shown washing a seventeenth dog in a sink.
0:09:00 - The man is shown washing a eighteenth dog in a bathtub.
0:09:30 - The man is shown washing a nineteenth dog in a sink.
0:10:00 - The man is shown washing a twentieth dog in a bathtub.
0:10:30 - The man is shown washing a twenty-first dog in a sink.
0:11:00 - The man is shown washing a twenty-second dog in a bathtub.
0:11:30 - The man is shown washing a twenty-third dog in a sink.
0:12:00 - The man is shown washing a twenty-fourth dog in a bathtub.
0:12:30 - The man is shown washing a twenty-fifth dog in a sink.
0:13:00 - The man is shown washing a twenty-sixth dog in a bathtub.
0:13:30 - The man is shown washing a twenty-seventh dog in a sink.
0:14:00 - The man is shown washing a twenty-eighth dog in a bathtub.
0:14:30 - The man is shown washing a twenty-ninth dog in a sink.
0:15:00 - The man is shown washing a thirtieth dog in a bathtub.
0:15:30 - The man is shown washing a thirty-first dog in a sink.
0:16:00 - The man is shown washing a thirty-second dog in a bathtub.
0:16:30 - The man is shown washing a thirty-third dog in a sink.
0:17:00 - The man is shown washing a thirty-fourth dog in a bathtub.
0:17:30 - The man is shown washing a thirty-fifth dog in a sink.
0:18:00 - The man is shown washing a thirty-sixth dog in a bathtub.
0:18:30 - The man is shown washing a thirty-seventh dog in a sink.
0:19:00 - The man is shown washing a thirty-eighth dog in a bathtub.
0:19:30 - The man is shown washing a thirty-ninth dog in a sink.
0:20:00 - The man is shown washing a fortieth dog in a bathtub.
"0:20:30 -"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man cleaning a tire with a brush and a spray bottle. He then uses a hose to clean the tire and sprays it with a liquid.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a close-up shot of a tire, followed by a man speaking to the camera. He then proceeds to clean the tire with a brush and a spray, and finishes by speaking to the camera again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a man in a garage, who is seen cleaning a tire with a brush and a spray bottle. He then proceeds to clean the inside of the tire with the same brush and spray bottle. The man is seen standing in front of a fence and a garage door, and he is also seen standing in front of a wall with a tire on it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a man in a garage, demonstrating how to remove a tire from a lawn mower. He uses a tool to loosen the tire, then sprays it with a liquid and uses a tool to remove it. The video also shows the man holding a tire in a yard and a close-up of a tire.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man cleaning a tire with a brush and a spray bottle. He then proceeds to clean the inside of the tire with the same brush and spray bottle. The man is seen standing in front of a fence and a garage door, and he is wearing a blue shirt. The video ends with the man speaking to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man using a tire to clean a mower, and then using a brush to clean the tire. He also uses a hose to clean the tire and a spray bottle to clean the mower.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a man using a tire to clean a wheel and then using a brush to clean the tire. The man also uses a tire to clean a wheel and a tire to clean a wheel.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a man using a tire to demonstrate how to remove rust from a wheel well. He applies a rust remover to the tire and sprays it onto the wheel well. He then uses a brush to scrub the rust off the wheel well.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a close-up shot of a tire, followed by a man speaking to the camera. He then proceeds to clean the tire with a brush and a spray bottle. The man continues to clean the tire while still speaking to the camera.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a man using a tire to demonstrate how to remove rust from a wheel well. He applies a substance to the tire and then uses it to clean the wheel well. The video also includes a brief shot of a man holding a bottle of water.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a close-up shot of a tire, followed by a man speaking to the camera. He then proceeds to clean the tire with a brush and a spray, and finishes by speaking to the camera again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a close-up shot of a tire."
0:00:10 - A man is seen speaking to the camera.
0:00:20 - The man is shown using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
0:00:30 - The man is seen spraying the tire with a liquid.
0:00:40 - The man is shown using a brush to clean the tire.
0:00:50 - The man is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
0:00:60 - The man is shown using a brush to clean the tire.
0:00:70 - The man is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
0:00:80 - The man is shown using a brush to clean the tire.
0:00:90 - The man is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
0:01:00 - The man is shown using a brush to clean the tire.
0:01:10 - The man is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
0:01:20 - The man is shown using a brush to clean the tire.
0:01:30 - The man is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
0:01:40 - The man is shown using a brush to clean the tire.
0:01:50 - The man is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
0:02:00 - The man is shown using a brush to clean the tire.
0:02:10 - The man is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
0:02:20 - The man is shown using a brush to clean the tire.
0:02:30 - The man is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
0:02:40 - The man is shown using a brush to clean the tire.
0:02:50 - The man is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
0:03:00 - The man is shown using a brush to clean the tire.
0:03:10 - The man is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
0:03:20 - The man is shown using a brush to clean the tire.
0:03:30 - The man is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
0:03:40 - The man is shown using a brush to clean the tire.
0:03:50 - The man is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
0:04:00 - The man is shown using a brush to clean the tire.
0:04:10 - The man is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
0:04:20 - The man is shown using a brush to clean the tire.
0:04:30 - The man is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
0:04:40 - The man is shown using a brush to clean the tire.
0:04:50 - The man is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
0:05:00 - The man is shown using a brush to clean the tire.
0:05:10 - The man is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
0:05:20 - The man is shown using a brush to clean the tire.
0:05:30 - The man is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
0:05:40 - The man is shown using a brush to clean the tire.
0:05:50 - The man is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
0:06:00 - The man is shown using a brush to clean the tire.
0:06:10 - The man is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
"0:"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a group of boys who are preparing to wash windows. They are seen gathering supplies and then washing the windows. The video ends with the boys standing in front of a building.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a man speaking to the camera, followed by a group of boys washing windows. The boys then dry off the windows and continue talking to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a group of boys who are seen walking around a courtyard, talking to each other, and then proceeding to wash windows. They are shown working together to clean the windows, and the video ends with them walking away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a group of boys engaging in various activities in different locations. They are seen walking down a street, standing in front of a building, and sitting on a bench. The video also shows a man standing in front of a brick wall and a building with a clock. The boys are also seen playing with a frisbee and a ball in a park.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a group of boys walking down a set of stairs and onto a brick patio. They then proceed to perform a synchronized routine of flips and tricks, showcasing their athleticism and coordination. The boys continue to perform their routine, displaying their impressive skills and teamwork. The video ends with the boys walking away from the camera, leaving the viewer with a sense of awe and admiration for their talent.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of boys playing a game of rock paper scissors, with one boy winning and the others congratulating him. They then proceed to play a game of wall ball, with the boys throwing balls at each other. The video also shows the boys walking around a campus and playing with a frisbee.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a group of boys playing a game of rock paper scissors, with one boy winning and the others congratulating him. The boys then proceed to apply sunscreen to each other's backs, with one boy helping another apply it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a group of boys walking down a set of stairs and onto a brick patio. They then proceed to perform a synchronized routine of flips and tricks, showcasing their athleticism and coordination. The boys continue to perform their routine, displaying their impressive skills and teamwork.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man in a green shirt talking to the camera, followed by a group of boys walking down a set of stairs. The boys then proceed to wash windows while talking to the camera. The video ends with the boys walking away from the camera.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a group of boys preparing to wash windows. They are seen gathering supplies and washing the windows in a coordinated effort. The video also includes a shot of a man standing in front of a brick wall, but it is unclear how it relates to the main events of the video.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a man speaking to the camera."
2. The man then proceeds to apply sunscreen to his arm.
3. The man then applies sunscreen to his back.
4. The man then applies sunscreen to his chest.
5. The man then applies sunscreen to his legs.
6. The man then applies sunscreen to his face.
7. The man then applies sunscreen to his arms.
8. The man then applies sunscreen to his back.
9. The man then applies sunscreen to his chest.
10. The man then applies sunscreen to his legs.
11. The man then applies sunscreen to his face.
12. The man then applies sunscreen to his arms.
13. The man then applies sunscreen to his back.
14. The man then applies sunscreen to his chest.
15. The man then applies sunscreen to his legs.
16. The man then applies sunscreen to his face.
17. The man then applies sunscreen to his arms.
18. The man then applies sunscreen to his back.
19. The man then applies sunscreen to his chest.
20. The man then applies sunscreen to his legs.
21. The man then applies sunscreen to his face.
22. The man then applies sunscreen to his arms.
23. The man then applies sunscreen to his back.
24. The man then applies sunscreen to his chest.
25. The man then applies sunscreen to his legs.
26. The man then applies sunscreen to his face.
27. The man then applies sunscreen to his arms.
28. The man then applies sunscreen to his back.
29. The man then applies sunscreen to his chest.
30. The man then applies sunscreen to his legs.
31. The man then applies sunscreen to his face.
32. The man then applies sunscreen to his arms.
33. The man then applies sunscreen to his back.
34. The man then applies sunscreen to his chest.
35. The man then applies sunscreen to his legs.
36. The man then applies sunscreen to his face.
37. The man then applies sunscreen to his arms.
38. The man then applies sunscreen to his back.
39. The man then applies sunscreen to his chest.
40. The man then applies sunscreen to his legs.
41. The man then applies sunscreen to his face.
42. The man then applies sunscreen to his arms.
43. The man then applies sunscreen to his back.
44. The man then applies sunscreen to his chest.
45. The man then applies sunscreen to his legs.
46. The man then applies sunscreen to his face.
47. The man then applies sunscreen to his arms.
48. The man then applies sunscreen to his back.
49. The man then applies sunscreen to his chest.
50. The man then applies sunscreen to his legs.
51. The man then applies sunscreen to his face.
52. The man then applies sunscreen to his arms.
53. The man then applies sunscreen to his back.
54. The man then applies sunscreen to his chest.
55. The man then applies sunscreen to his legs.
56. The man then applies sunscreen to his face.
57. The man then applies sunscreen to his arms.
58. The man then applies sunscreen to his back.
59. The man then applies sunscreen to his chest.
60. The man then applies sunscreen to his legs.
61. The man then applies sunscreen to his face.
62. The man then applies sunscreen to his arms.
63. The man then applies sunscreen to his back.
64. The man then applies sunscreen to his chest.
65. The man then applies sunscreen to his legs.
66. The man then applies sunscreen to his face.
67. The man then applies sunscreen to his arms.
68. The man then applies sunscreen to his back.
69. The man then applies sunscreen to his chest.
70. The man then applies sunscreen to his legs.
71. The man then applies sunscreen to his face.
72. The man then applies sunscreen to his arms.
"73. The man then"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a black screen displaying the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:05 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:10 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:15 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:20 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:25 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:30 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:35 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:40 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:45 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:50 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:55 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:60 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:65 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:70 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:75 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:80 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:85 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:90 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:95 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:00:99 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:01:04 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:01:10 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www.charliechalk.com""""."
"0:01:15 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"Charlie's Chalk Talk"""" and the website """"www."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a woman washing a white dog in a bathtub, and then drying it off with a towel.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video starts with a woman holding a white dog and talking to the camera. She then proceeds to wash the dog in the sink and dries it off with a towel. The video ends with the woman talking to the camera again.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in a parking lot, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans walking her white poodle in a parking lot and a garage. The woman is also seen in a bathroom with a white poodle, and in a room with a white poodle and a white cat. The video also shows a white poodle in a car and a white cat in a room.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a woman washing a white dog in a bathtub, and then she dries the dog with a towel. The woman also talks to the camera while holding the towel.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a woman washing a white dog in a bathtub, drying it with a towel, and then brushing its hair. The dog is also seen standing on a bed and walking on a carpet. Additionally, the woman is seen talking to the camera while holding a remote control.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a woman washing a white dog in a bathtub, and the dog is seen standing on a towel and walking on a carpet. The woman is also seen holding a white dog in her arms and sitting on a bed with a white dog.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a woman washing a white dog in a bathtub, drying it with a towel, and then taking it outside to play.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,The video starts with a woman holding a white dog in her hand and then proceeds to show the dog being washed in a sink. The woman then dries the dog off with a towel and brushes its hair. The video ends with the woman petting the dog.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a woman washing a white dog in a bathtub, drying it off with a towel, and then brushing its hair. The video also includes a brief shot of a person walking down the street with a white dog.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",The video begins with a woman holding a white dog and speaking to the camera. She then proceeds to wash the dog in the sink and dries it off with a towel. The woman then takes the dog outside and walks it around the neighborhood.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A person's hand is shown holding a white dog."
0:00:10 - The person is seen washing the dog in a sink.
0:00:20 - The person is shown drying the dog with a towel.
0:00:30 - The person is seen brushing the dog's hair.
0:00:40 - The person is shown blow-drying the dog's hair.
0:00:50 - The person is seen brushing the dog's hair again.
0:01:00 - The person is shown brushing the dog's hair one last time.
0:01:10 - The person is seen petting the dog.
0:01:20 - The person is shown petting the dog again.
"0:01:30 - The person is seen petting the dog one last time.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a large group of people dancing in the streets, with some individuals leading the way and others following behind. The dancers are seen moving around and performing various moves, while others watch on the sides. The video captures the energy and excitement of the crowd as they dance and celebrate together.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a large group of people dancing in the street, with some individuals leading the dance and others following along. The camera captures the energetic and lively atmosphere of the event, with people of all ages and backgrounds participating in the celebration. The video also includes shots of people walking down the street, with some individuals carrying items such as a bag or a suitcase. The overall tone of the video is one of joy and community, with people coming together to celebrate and enjoy each other's company.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a lively and energetic atmosphere with people dancing and enjoying themselves. The crowd is seen dancing in the streets, and a man is singing into a microphone. The video also shows a man in a white shirt and black hat dancing in front of a crowd. The people are seen walking down the street, and a man is seen walking down the street with a bag on his head. The video also shows a man in a red shirt and white hat dancing in front of a crowd. The people are seen dancing in the streets, and a man is seen walking down the street with a bag on his head. The video captures the vibrant energy of the crowd and the joyous atmosphere of the event.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a lively street scene with a large group of people dancing and singing. The camera pans around the crowd, showing the energy and excitement of the event. The video also includes shots of people walking down the street and a man holding a microphone. The overall atmosphere is one of celebration and joy.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a large group of people dancing in the street, with some individuals holding signs and others carrying bags. The crowd is seen walking down the street, and a man is seen singing into a microphone. The video captures the energy and excitement of the crowd as they dance and sing together.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a large group of people dancing in the street, with some individuals holding signs and others carrying bags. The crowd is seen walking down the street, and a man is seen singing into a microphone. The video captures the energy and excitement of the crowd as they dance and celebrate together.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a large group of people dancing in the streets, with some individuals holding signs and others carrying bags. The crowd is seen walking down the street, and a man is seen dancing in front of a crowd. The video also shows a man singing into a microphone while others dance around him.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a large group of people dancing in the street, with some individuals leading the dance and others following along. The camera captures the energetic and lively atmosphere of the event, highlighting the joy and excitement of the participants.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a large group of people walking down a street, and then transitions to a man speaking into a microphone. The camera then pans to a large group of people dancing on the street, and the camera captures their movements as they dance. The video ends with the group of people walking down the street again.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video captures a large group of people dancing in the streets, with some individuals holding signs and others carrying bags. The crowd is seen walking down the street, and a man is seen singing into a microphone. The video also shows a man in a white shirt and black hat dancing in front of a crowd.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A large group of people gather in a circle and begin dancing."
2. The camera pans around the crowd, showing more people joining in on the dance.
3. The group continues to dance and sing together.
4. The camera captures the lively atmosphere of the event.
"5. The video ends with the group still dancing and singing together.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a large group of people dancing in the street."
0:00:30 - The camera pans around the crowd, showing more people dancing and enjoying the music.
0:02:00 - The camera focuses on a man singing into a microphone, while the crowd continues to dance around him.
0:05:00 - The camera pans around the crowd again, showing more people dancing and enjoying the music.
0:07:00 - The camera focuses on a man in a white shirt singing into a microphone.
0:10:00 - The camera pans around the crowd again, showing more people dancing and enjoying the music.
0:12:00 - The camera focuses on a man in a red shirt singing into a microphone.
0:15:00 - The camera pans around the crowd again, showing more people dancing and enjoying the music.
0:17:00 - The camera focuses on a man in a white shirt singing into a microphone.
0:20:00 - The camera pans around the crowd again, showing more people dancing and enjoying the music.
0:22:00 - The camera focuses on a man in a red shirt singing into a microphone.
0:25:00 - The camera pans around the crowd again, showing more people dancing and enjoying the music.
0:27:00 - The camera focuses on a man in a white shirt singing into a microphone.
0:30:00 - The camera pans around the crowd again, showing more people dancing and enjoying the music.
0:32:00 - The camera focuses on a man in a red shirt singing into a microphone.
0:35:00 - The camera pans around the crowd again, showing more people dancing and enjoying the music.
0:37:00 - The camera focuses on a man in a white shirt singing into a microphone.
0:40:00 - The camera pans around the crowd again, showing more people dancing and enjoying the music.
0:42:00 - The camera focuses on a man in a red shirt singing into a microphone.
0:45:00 - The camera pans around the crowd again, showing more people dancing and enjoying the music.
0:47:00 - The camera focuses on a man in a white shirt singing into a microphone.
0:50:00 - The camera pans around the crowd again, showing more people dancing and enjoying the music.
0:52:00 - The camera focuses on a man in a red shirt singing into a microphone.
0:55:00 - The camera pans around the crowd again, showing more people dancing and enjoying the music.
0:57:00 - The camera focuses on a man in a white shirt singing into a microphone.
0:60:00 - The camera pans around the crowd again, showing more people dancing and enjoying the music.
0:62:00 - The camera focuses on a man in a red shirt singing into a microphone.
0:65:00 - The camera pans around the crowd again, showing more people dancing and enjoying the music.
0:67:00 - The camera focuses on a man in a white shirt singing into a microphone.
0:70:00 - The camera pans around the crowd again, showing more people dancing and enjoying the music.
0:72:00 - The camera focuses on a man in a red shirt singing into a microphone.
0:75:00 - The camera pans around the crowd again, showing more people dancing and enjoying the music.
0:77:00 - The camera focuses on a man in a white shirt singing into a microphone.
0:80:00 - The camera pans around the crowd again, showing more people dancing and enjoying the music.
0:82:00 - The camera focuses on a man in a red shirt singing into a microphone.
0:85:00 - The camera pans around the crowd again, showing more people dancing and enjoying the music.
"0:87:00 - The camera focuses on a man"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a woman talking to the camera, a man riding a bike down the street, and a woman getting a ticket for not wearing a helmet.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a man riding a bike down a street, followed by a woman talking to the camera. The man then rides his bike again, and the woman continues to talk. The video ends with the woman still talking.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a man riding a bike down a street, a woman talking to the camera, and a man riding a skateboard down the street. The video also features a man riding a motorcycle down the street, a woman riding a bike down the street, and a man riding a skateboard down the street.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a woman riding a bike down a street, passing by a car, and then stopping to talk to the camera. The video also includes a man riding a skateboard down the same street, and a woman in a black dress standing in front of a wall. The video ends with a man in a suit standing in front of a wall.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man riding a bike down a street, while a woman is seen talking to the camera. The man is also seen riding a skateboard down the street. The video ends with the man riding a bike down the street.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a woman riding a bike down a street, a man riding a skateboard down the same street, and a woman speaking to the camera. The video also includes a scene of a man riding a bike down a street with a car following him.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a woman riding a bike down a street, a man riding a skateboard down the same street, and a woman talking to the camera. These events are repeated multiple times throughout the video.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video starts with a woman talking to the camera, followed by a man riding a bike down the street. The man is then seen riding the bike in a parking lot, and the video ends with the man riding the bike down the street again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a woman talking in a room, followed by a man riding a bike down a street. The man is then seen riding the bike in a parking lot, and the video ends with the man riding the bike down the street again.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a woman riding a bike down a busy street, passing cars and other vehicles. She is seen wearing a helmet and riding in different positions, including standing on the bike. The video also includes a scene where she is standing in front of a building, and there is a sign that says """"Pedal Pressure.""""</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a man riding a bike down a street, followed by a woman speaking to the camera. The man then rides his bike through an intersection, and the woman continues to speak. The video ends with the man riding his bike down the street.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a woman speaking to the camera."
0:00:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street.
0:01:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:02:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:03:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:04:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:05:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:06:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:07:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:08:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:09:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:10:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:11:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:12:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:13:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:14:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:15:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:16:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:17:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:18:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:19:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:20:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:21:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:22:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:23:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:24:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:25:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:26:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:27:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:28:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:29:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:30:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:31:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:32:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:33:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:34:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:35:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
0:36:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike down a street with a car following her.
"0:37:30 - The"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a lion dance performance in a city street, with a large crowd of people watching. The performers are dressed in traditional Chinese outfits and dance around the street, with the lion performing various tricks and stunts. The video also includes shots of the performers and the crowd, as well as a man speaking to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of people walking down the street, followed by a lion dance performance. The lion dancers are seen performing in front of a crowd, and the video captures the excitement and energy of the event.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a lively parade with a variety of participants, including a group of people dressed in white and yellow costumes, a group of people dressed in red and yellow, and a group of people dressed in white and red. The parade also features a group of people dressed in white and red, and a group of people dressed in red and yellow. The video also shows a group of people dressed in red and yellow, and a group of people dressed in white and red.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a lively parade with a diverse range of participants, including a group of people dressed in traditional Chinese clothing, a man in a red jacket and black hat, and a group of people in red and yellow clothing. The parade takes place on a street with a crowd of people watching from the sidelines. The video also features a man in a red shirt and black hat holding an umbrella, and a man in a red shirt and black hat holding a red umbrella.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a lively parade with people walking down the street, followed by a group of men carrying and dancing with large puppets. The parade continues with more people joining in, and the video ends with a man speaking to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of people walking down a street, followed by a lion dance performance. The lion dancers are seen moving around and performing tricks, while the crowd watches and cheers them on. The video also captures the lively atmosphere of the parade, with people walking around and enjoying the festivities.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a group of people walking down the street, followed by a lion dance performance. The lion dances are performed by different groups of people, and the video captures the lion dances from various angles.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a group of people walking down a street, followed by a lion dance performance. The lion dancers are seen moving around the area, and the crowd cheers them on. The video also shows a man speaking to the camera, and the lion dancers continue to perform.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man in a red shirt and black pants walking down the street, followed by a group of people carrying a large dragon head. The dragon head is then followed by a group of people carrying a large white dragon head. The video then shows a group of people carrying a large white dragon head and a group of people carrying a large red dragon head. The video ends with a man in a red shirt and black pants walking down the street.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a lively parade with people dressed in traditional Chinese clothing, carrying colorful flags and banners. The highlight of the parade is the performance of a group of men dressed in white and red, who are seen dancing and twirling their poles. The video also captures the energy and excitement of the crowd, who cheer and applaud as the performers showcase their skills.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a man speaking to the camera, followed by a shot of a lion dance performance."
2. The lion dance continues, with the performers moving around the area.
"3. The video ends with the man speaking to the camera again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a man speaking to the camera."
0:00:30 - The camera pans to a group of people walking down the street.
0:00:45 - The camera shows a large crowd of people walking down the street.
0:01:00 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:01:15 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:01:30 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:02:00 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:02:15 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:02:30 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:02:45 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:03:00 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:03:15 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:03:30 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:03:45 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:04:00 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:04:15 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:04:30 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:04:45 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:05:00 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:05:15 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:05:30 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:05:45 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:06:00 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:06:15 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:06:30 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:06:45 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:07:00 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:07:15 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:07:30 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:07:45 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:08:00 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:08:15 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:08:30 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:08:45 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:09:00 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:09:15 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:09:30 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:09:45 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:10:00 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:10:15 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:10:30 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
0:10:45 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street.
"0:11:00 - The camera shows a man in a red jacket walking down the street"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man changing a tire on a car. He uses a jack to lift the car, removes the old tire, and replaces it with a new one. He then lowers the car and tightens the lug nuts.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a man speaking to the camera, followed by a shot of a car. The man then proceeds to demonstrate how to change a tire, and the video ends with a shot of the car again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a man in a red shirt and orange vest standing next to a car, a man in a red shirt and black vest standing next to a car, and a man in a red shirt and orange vest standing next to a car. The video also shows a man in a red shirt and orange vest standing next to a car, a man in a red shirt and orange vest standing next to a car, and a man in a red shirt and orange vest standing next to a car.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a man in a red vest and black pants standing next to a car, and a woman in a red shirt and black pants standing next to a car. The man in the red vest is seen using a tool to open the trunk of the car, and the woman in the red shirt is seen using a tool to open the trunk of a different car. The video also shows a man in a red vest and black pants standing next to a car with a black tire, and a man in a red vest and black pants standing next to a car with a black tire and a black trunk.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man fixing a tire on a car. He uses a tool to remove the nuts and then replaces them with a new one. He then uses a jack to lift the car and continues to unscrew the nuts. After that, he puts the jack down and tightens the nuts. Finally, he puts the hubcap back on the tire and tightens it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man in a red vest and orange vest demonstrating how to change a tire on a car. He uses a jack to lift the car, unscrews the bolts, removes the old tire, and replaces it with a new one. He then lowers the car and tightens the bolts.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man changing a tire on a car, and the same action is repeated multiple times.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video starts with a man speaking to the camera, followed by a shot of a car with a flat tire. The man then proceeds to demonstrate how to change a tire, using a jack and a spare tire. He also shows how to use a tool to remove the lug nuts from the old tire and how to put the new tire on the car. Throughout the video, the man provides helpful tips and advice for changing a tire.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man speaking to the camera, followed by a shot of a car with a flat tire. The man then proceeds to demonstrate how to change a tire, starting with removing the hubcap and loosening the lug nuts. He then proceeds to lift the car with a jack and remove the flat tire, replacing it with a spare tire. Finally, he tightens the lug nuts and lowers the car back down.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a man using a tool to open the trunk of a car, removing a spare tire, and then using the same tool to open the trunk of another car. The video also includes a demonstration of how to change a tire.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a man speaking to the camera, followed by a shot of a car with a flat tire. The man then proceeds to demonstrate how to change a tire, starting with removing the hubcap and loosening the lug nuts. He then proceeds to lift the car with a jack and remove the flat tire, replacing it with a spare tire. Finally, he tightens the lug nuts and lowers the car back down.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a black screen displaying the title """"How to change a tire on a car."""""
0:00:10 - A man wearing a red shirt and orange vest is seen standing next to a car.
0:00:20 - The man opens the trunk of the car and takes out a spare tire and a jack.
0:00:30 - He places the jack under the car and unscrews the bolts of the tire.
0:0:40 - He removes the tire and replaces it with the spare tire.
0:0:50 - He tightens the bolts of the tire and removes the jack.
"0:0:60 - The video ends with a black screen displaying the title """"How to change a tire on a car.""""</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a truck driving down a narrow path surrounded by trees and then crashing into a tree.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a camera panning around a forest, and then it shows a truck driving down a dirt road. The camera then shows the truck driving through the forest, and the driver is seen driving the truck off a cliff. The video ends with the driver standing next to the truck.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a truck driving down a road, passing by a car, and then turning around. The camera then pans to show the truck driving down a dirt road, passing by a car, and then turning around. The video also shows a man standing in the middle of the road, and a car driving down the road.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a truck driving down a winding road in the woods, passing by a car and a person. The camera then pans to show the truck driving down a dirt road, passing by a car and a person. The video also shows a man standing in the woods, and a person standing in front of a truck.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a truck driving down a narrow path surrounded by trees and then turning around. The camera then pans to the side of the road where a group of people are standing. The truck then drives down the road again, and the camera pans back to the group of people standing on the side of the road.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a truck driving down a road, passing by a car, and then turning around. The camera captures the truck from different angles as it drives down the road.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a truck driving down a road, passing by a car, and then driving down a dirt road. The truck is also seen driving down a road with trees and a car driving down a road with trees.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a truck driving down a road, passing by a car, and then turning off the road. The camera then pans to the side of the road where a group of people are standing. The truck then drives down a dirt road and turns a corner.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a white truck driving down a road, followed by a man standing in front of the truck. The truck then drives down a dirt road, and the man is seen standing in front of it again. The truck then drives down a steep hill, and the man is seen standing in front of it once more. The video ends with the truck driving down a road with trees on both sides.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a truck driving down a narrow path surrounded by trees, and then it falls over a cliff. The camera captures the scene from different angles, and the truck is seen in different positions, including on its side.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A man is seen walking down a dirt road."
2. A blue truck is seen driving down the same dirt road.
3. The truck drives over a bridge.
4. The truck drives through a wooded area.
5. The truck drives down a steep hill.
6. The truck drives through a field.
7. The truck drives down a dirt road.
8. The truck drives down a steep hill.
9. The truck drives through a wooded area.
"10. The truck drives down a dirt road.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""00:00:00 - The video begins with a camera panning around a forest."
00:00:30 - A truck is seen driving down a dirt road.
00:00:45 - The truck is seen driving down a steep hill.
00:01:00 - The truck is seen driving through a red light.
"00:01:15 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"danger."""""
"00:01:30 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"stop."""""
"00:01:45 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"one way."""""
"00:02:00 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no trucks."""""
"00:02:15 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no parking."""""
"00:02:30 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no stopping."""""
"00:02:45 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:03:00 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:03:15 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:03:30 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:03:45 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:04:00 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:04:15 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:04:30 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:04:45 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:05:00 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:05:15 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:05:30 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:05:45 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:06:00 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:06:15 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:06:30 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:06:45 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:07:00 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:07:15 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:07:30 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:07:45 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:08:00 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:08:15 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:08:30 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:08:45 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:09:00 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:09:15 - The truck is seen driving down a road with a sign that says """"no driving."""""
"00:09:30 - The"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video showcases a group of people riding bikes and performing tricks in a warehouse. There are also interviews with some of the riders and a woman who talks about the importance of safety gear.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a man speaking to the camera, followed by a man riding a bike and performing tricks. The man then speaks to the camera again, and the video ends with a woman speaking to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a group of people engaging in various activities in a warehouse. The activities include riding bikes, skateboarding, and performing tricks. The video also features a woman speaking to the camera and a man riding a bike.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video showcases various individuals engaging in different activities in different locations. The main focus is on a man performing tricks on a bike, while a woman speaks to the camera. The video also features a man riding a skateboard, a man riding a bike in a warehouse, and a man riding a bike in a room. Additionally, there are shots of a man standing in front of a wall with a skateboard, a man standing in front of a wall with a skateboard, and a man standing in front of a wall with a skateboard.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man performing tricks on a bike, including jumping over a ramp and doing a wheelie. There are also shots of a woman talking to the camera and a man riding a skateboard. The video ends with a man riding a bike on a ramp.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video showcases a man performing tricks on a bike, a woman speaking to the camera, and a man performing tricks on a skateboard. The video also features a man riding a bike on a ramp and a man performing tricks on a skateboard in a warehouse.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man performing tricks on a bike, a woman speaking to the camera, and the man performing more tricks on the bike.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video starts with a man speaking to the camera, followed by a man riding a bike and performing tricks. The man then speaks to the camera again, and the video ends with a woman speaking to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man speaking to the camera, followed by a man riding a bike and performing tricks. The man then speaks to the camera again, and the video ends with a woman speaking to the camera.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a man performing tricks on a bike, a woman speaking to the camera, and the man performing more tricks on the bike.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a man speaking to the camera."
2. The man then rides a bike around a set of cones.
3. The man is then seen riding a skateboard around a set of cones.
4. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
5. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
6. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
7. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
8. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
9. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
10. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
11. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
12. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
13. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
14. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
15. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
16. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
17. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
18. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
19. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
20. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
21. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
22. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
23. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
24. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
25. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
26. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
27. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
28. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
29. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
30. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
31. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
32. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
33. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
34. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
35. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
36. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
37. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
38. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
39. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
40. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
41. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
42. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
43. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
44. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
45. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
46. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
47. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
48. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.
49. The man is seen riding a skateboard on a ramp.
"50. The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a black screen featuring the words """"Punk Rocks"""" and """"Punk Rock Cycling"""" in yellow and white text."
0:00:05 - The scene changes to a man and a woman standing in front of a building, with the man wearing a black shirt and the woman wearing a black dress.
0:00:10 - The man and woman are shown riding bikes in a warehouse.
0:00:20 - The man is seen riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:00:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:00:40 - The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:00:50 - The woman is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:00:60 - The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:00:70 - The woman is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:00:80 - The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:00:90 - The woman is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:01:00 - The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:01:10 - The woman is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:01:20 - The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:01:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:01:40 - The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:01:50 - The woman is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:02:00 - The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:02:10 - The woman is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:02:20 - The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:02:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:02:40 - The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:02:50 - The woman is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:03:00 - The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:03:10 - The woman is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:03:20 - The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:03:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:03:40 - The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:03:50 - The woman is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:04:00 - The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:04:10 - The woman is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:04:20 - The man is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
0:04:30 - The woman is shown riding a bike on a ramp, performing tricks and jumps.
"0:04:40 - The man is shown riding a bi"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man changing a tire on a car while another man watches. The man who is changing the tire is seen dancing and singing while doing so.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video starts with a man driving a car and then changing a tire. He then dances around the area while holding a bottle of water.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a man's day, starting with him getting out of bed, washing his face, and leaving his house. He then drives to a gas station, where he gets out of his car and walks towards the gas pump. After filling his car with gas, he drives to a restaurant, where he sits down and eats. Later, he gets out of his car and walks towards a bar, where he dances and drinks. Finally, he drives back to his house, where he sits on his couch and drinks beer.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a man's journey from a car accident to a hospital, where he receives treatment. The man is seen dancing in the hospital room, and later, he is seen dancing in the street. The video also shows the man walking on the sidewalk and dancing in a parking lot.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man changing a tire on a car, and then he is seen dancing in a restaurant.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man driving a car, getting out of the car, and then dancing on the street. He also interacts with a tire and a fire hydrant.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man repeatedly getting out of his car, changing a tire, and then getting back into his car.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a man getting out of his car, walking towards a tire, and then proceeding to change it. He then gets back into his car and drives away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,The video starts with a man driving a car and then changing a tire. He then dances around the area while holding a bottle of water. The video ends with the man sitting at a table with a drink.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a man changing a tire on a car, with a woman walking by and a man in a white shirt talking to the camera. The man in the white shirt is also seen dancing on the sidewalk.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A man is seen driving a car and talking on a cell phone."
2. He gets out of the car and starts dancing.
3. He falls down and gets back up.
4. He continues dancing and falls down again.
"5. He gets back up and walks away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A man is seen driving a car and talking on a cell phone."
0:00:30 - The man is seen changing a tire on the side of the road.
0:00:50 - The man is seen dancing in a parking lot.
0:01:20 - The man is seen dancing in a restaurant.
0:02:00 - The man is seen dancing in a bar.
0:02:30 - The man is seen dancing in a parking lot.
0:03:00 - The man is seen dancing in a restaurant.
0:03:30 - The man is seen dancing in a bar.
0:04:00 - The man is seen dancing in a parking lot.
0:04:30 - The man is seen dancing in a restaurant.
0:05:00 - The man is seen dancing in a bar.
0:05:30 - The man is seen dancing in a parking lot.
0:06:00 - The man is seen dancing in a restaurant.
0:06:30 - The man is seen dancing in a bar.
0:07:00 - The man is seen dancing in a parking lot.
0:07:30 - The man is seen dancing in a restaurant.
0:08:00 - The man is seen dancing in a bar.
0:08:30 - The man is seen dancing in a parking lot.
0:09:00 - The man is seen dancing in a restaurant.
0:09:30 - The man is seen dancing in a bar.
0:10:00 - The man is seen dancing in a parking lot.
0:10:30 - The man is seen dancing in a restaurant.
0:11:00 - The man is seen dancing in a bar.
0:11:30 - The man is seen dancing in a parking lot.
0:12:00 - The man is seen dancing in a restaurant.
0:12:30 - The man is seen dancing in a bar.
0:13:00 - The man is seen dancing in a parking lot.
0:13:30 - The man is seen dancing in a restaurant.
0:14:00 - The man is seen dancing in a bar.
0:14:30 - The man is seen dancing in a parking lot.
0:15:00 - The man is seen dancing in a restaurant.
0:15:30 - The man is seen dancing in a bar.
0:16:00 - The man is seen dancing in a parking lot.
0:16:30 - The man is seen dancing in a restaurant.
0:17:00 - The man is seen dancing in a bar.
0:17:30 - The man is seen dancing in a parking lot.
0:18:00 - The man is seen dancing in a restaurant.
0:18:30 - The man is seen dancing in a bar.
0:19:00 - The man is seen dancing in a parking lot.
0:19:30 - The man is seen dancing in a restaurant.
0:20:00 - The man is seen dancing in a bar.
0:20:30 - The man is seen dancing in a parking lot.
0:21:00 - The man is seen dancing in a restaurant.
0:21:30 - The man is seen dancing in a bar.
0:22:00 - The man is seen dancing in a parking lot.
0:22:30 - The man is seen dancing in a restaurant.
0:23:00 - The man is seen dancing in a bar.
0:23:30 - The man is seen dancing in a parking lot.
0:24:00 - The man is seen dancing in a restaurant.
0:24:30 - The man is seen dancing in a bar.
0:25:00 - The man is seen dancing in a parking lot.
"0:25:30 - The man is"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a man in a suit and tie who is hosting a news segment, a woman who is interviewing a dog trainer, and the trainer demonstrating how to train a dog to eat from a bowl.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a man in a suit and tie speaking to the camera, followed by a news anchor and a dog. The news anchor then interviews a woman about dog food, and the video ends with the news anchor and the man in the suit speaking to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a man in a suit and tie talking to a woman in a newsroom, while a dog is sitting on a table nearby. The man then goes on to talk to the dog and feed it. The video also shows a man in a suit and tie talking to a woman in a newsroom, while a dog is sitting on a table nearby. The man then goes on to talk to the dog and feed it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a man in a suit and tie talking to a woman in a newsroom, followed by a scene of a dog eating food from a bowl. The man then appears again, this time with a dog on a table, and the woman is seen petting the dog. The video ends with the man and woman talking again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man in a suit and tie sitting behind a desk, a woman holding a dog on a leash, and a news anchor interviewing the woman. The woman is seen feeding the dog and holding a bowl of food. The video also shows a man in a suit and tie holding a dog in his lap and a man in a suit and tie holding a dog in his arms. The video ends with a man in a suit and tie holding a dog in his lap.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man in a suit and tie talking to the camera, a woman holding a dog on a table, and the dog eating dog food from a bowl. The man and woman are also seen talking to each other.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man and a woman hosting a news segment, a dog being fed by a woman, and a man holding a piece of paper. The dog is also seen eating from a bowl and a cake.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video starts with a man in a suit and tie talking to the camera, followed by a woman holding a dog on a table. The woman then feeds the dog and the man continues to talk. The video ends with the woman petting the dog.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man in a suit and tie speaking to the camera, followed by a news anchor and a dog. The news anchor then interviews a woman about dog food, and the man in the suit returns to speak to the camera. The video ends with the news anchor and the man in the suit speaking to the camera.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man in a suit and tie discussing dog food on a news segment, while a woman holds a dog on a table. The man then feeds the dog from a bowl, and the dog eats the food. The video also includes a shot of the dog eating from a dog food machine.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a man in a suit and tie speaking to the camera, followed by a news anchor and a dog. The news anchor then interviews a woman about dog food, and the video ends with the man in the suit and tie speaking to the camera again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A man in a suit is seen talking to the camera."
0:00:30 - A dog is shown eating food from a bowl.
0:00:50 - The man is seen talking to a woman.
0:01:50 - The woman is seen petting the dog.
0:02:50 - The man is seen talking to the camera again.
0:03:50 - The woman is seen petting the dog again.
0:04:50 - The man is seen talking to the camera again.
0:05:50 - The woman is seen petting the dog again.
0:06:50 - The man is seen talking to the camera again.
0:07:50 - The woman is seen petting the dog again.
0:08:50 - The man is seen talking to the camera again.
0:09:50 - The woman is seen petting the dog again.
0:10:50 - The man is seen talking to the camera again.
0:11:50 - The woman is seen petting the dog again.
"0:12:50 - The man is seen talking to the camera again.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video showcases a man riding a bike down a street, stopping to fix a flat tire, and then continuing his ride.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a man riding a bike down a street, followed by a man speaking to the camera. The man then proceeds to showcase different tools and objects, including a bike, a knife, and a screwdriver. He then demonstrates how to fix a bike tire, and the video ends with the man speaking to the camera again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a man riding a bike down a street, a man fixing a bike tire, and a man speaking to the camera. The video also includes a collage of images of bikes and a man holding a bike.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video showcases a man riding a bike down a street, a man standing in front of a bike rack, and a man standing in front of a wall of bicycle wheels. The video also features a man riding a bike down a street with a skateboard, and a man standing in front of a wall of bicycle wheels.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man riding a bike down a street, stopping to fix a flat tire, and then continuing to ride.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man riding a bike down a street, stopping to fix a flat tire, and then continuing to ride. There are also shots of a man speaking to the camera and a man riding a bike down a street.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man riding a bike down the street, stopping to talk to the camera, and then riding away. The video also includes shots of a man holding a bike and a man riding a bike down the street.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video starts with a man riding a bike down the street, and then he is seen fixing a flat tire. He then proceeds to show how to remove and replace a tire.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man riding a bike down a street, followed by a man speaking to the camera. The man then proceeds to show the viewers how to fix a flat tire on a bike. He demonstrates the process step by step, starting with removing the wheel and checking the tire pressure. He then proceeds to remove the tire and replace it with a new one. Finally, he puts the wheel back on the bike and shows how to properly inflate the tire. The video ends with the man speaking to the camera again.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a man riding a bike down a street, stopping to fix a flat tire, and then continuing his ride. The video also features a man speaking to the camera and showcasing different types of bikes.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A man is seen riding a bike down the street."
2. The man is shown fixing a flat tire on the bike.
3. The man is seen riding the bike again.
4. The man is shown fixing the bike again.
"5. The man is seen riding the bike down the street.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a black screen displaying the title of the video."
0:00:10 - A man is seen riding a bike down the street.
0:00:20 - The man is shown fixing a bike tire.
0:00:30 - The man is seen riding the bike again.
0:00:40 - The man is shown fixing the bike again.
0:00:50 - The man is seen riding the bike again.
"0:01:00 - The video ends with a black screen displaying the title of the video.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man preparing a sandwich by spreading butter on bread, adding meat and vegetables, and then topping it with sauce. He then serves the sandwich on a plate and enjoys it with a cup of coffee.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a man cutting up meat and putting it in a bowl. He then adds sauce and spices to the meat and mixes it all together. After that, he puts the meat on a bun and adds cheese and sauce on top. Finally, he takes a bite of the sandwich.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a man preparing a sandwich in a restaurant, with a focus on the ingredients and the process of making the sandwich. The video also includes a man speaking to the camera, and the sandwich is shown on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video showcases a man preparing a sandwich in a kitchen, followed by him eating the sandwich in a restaurant. The video also features a man in a suit talking to the camera in a restaurant, and a man in a suit and tie talking to the camera in a kitchen. The video ends with a man in a suit and tie talking to the camera in a restaurant.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man preparing a sandwich by adding meat, cheese, and vegetables. He then toasts the sandwich and serves it on a plate. The video ends with the man speaking to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man preparing a sandwich by spreading butter on slices of bread, adding meat, cheese, and vegetables, and then toasting the sandwich. He also talks to the camera while preparing the sandwich.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man preparing a sandwich by spreading butter on bread, adding meat and vegetables, and then topping it with sauce. He then cuts the sandwich in half and serves it on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a man preparing a sandwich by spreading butter on slices of bread, adding meat, cheese, and vegetables, and then toasting the sandwich. He also talks to the camera while preparing the sandwich.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man cutting up meat and putting it in a bowl. He then adds some sauce and spices to the meat. After that, he puts the meat in a bun and tops it with some vegetables. The man then sits down and talks to the camera.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a man preparing a sandwich by adding various ingredients such as meat, cheese, and vegetables. He then toasts the sandwich and serves it on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video starts with a man cutting up meat and putting it on a bun. He then adds cheese and other ingredients before finishing the sandwich. Throughout the video, the man is seen talking to the camera and holding up various ingredients.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A man is seen cutting up meat and putting it into a bowl."
0:00:30 - He then adds sauce to the meat and mixes it together.
0:00:50 - The man puts the meat onto a bun and adds cheese and sauce.
0:01:10 - He then takes a bite of the sandwich.
"0:01:30 - The man is seen talking to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man demonstrating how to make a tree house and how to make a rope. He also shows how to make a beehive and how to make a tree house with a rope.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a title screen, followed by a man speaking to the camera. He then proceeds to cut a piece of wood with a knife and uses a rope to tie it up. The video ends with a title screen.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a man demonstrating how to make a beehive and how to use it to make honey. He also shows how to make a rope and how to use it to make a hive. The video also features a man holding a piece of cheese and a piece of bread, and a bee swarm on a tree.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video showcases a man in a black shirt standing in front of a tree, a man in a white shirt standing in front of a tree, and a man in a black shirt standing in front of a tree. The video also features a man in a black shirt standing in front of a tree with a hive, and a man in a black shirt standing in front of a tree with a hive.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man cutting a piece of wood with a knife, and then using a rope to tie the wood together. He then cuts the rope and shows the bees in a hive.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man demonstrating how to make a tree house, using a rope to tie a knot in a piece of wood. He also shows how to make a beehive and how to make a tree house with a ladder.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man cutting a piece of wood with a knife, and then using a rope to tie the wood together. The man also cuts a piece of wood with a knife and a chainsaw, and uses a rope to tie a piece of wood to a tree.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a man cutting a piece of wood with a knife, then using a rope to tie the wood together. He then cuts the rope and pulls the wood out of the tree.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a title screen, followed by a man speaking to the camera. He then shows a tree and a hive, and proceeds to cut a piece of wood. After that, he shows a hive and a bee, and then cuts a piece of wood again. The video ends with a title screen.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a man demonstrating how to make a tree house, using a rope to tie a knot in a log and then using the rope to tie the log to a tree. The video also features a close-up of a hive of bees, with the man holding a piece of cheese and a piece of wood.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A man is seen holding a piece of wood and speaking to the camera."
2. He ties a rope to the tree and then ties the rope to the piece of wood.
3. He pulls the rope and the piece of wood up the tree.
4. He cuts the rope and pulls the piece of wood up higher.
5. He cuts the rope again and pulls the piece of wood up higher.
6. He pulls the piece of wood up higher and shows the bees.
7. He pulls the piece of wood up higher and shows the bees.
8. He pulls the piece of wood up higher and shows the bees.
9. He pulls the piece of wood up higher and shows the bees.
"10. He pulls the piece of wood up higher and shows the bees.</s>"",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a title screen."
0:00:30 - A man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:00:45 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood.
0:00:55 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:01:05 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:01:15 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:01:25 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:01:35 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:01:45 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:01:55 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:02:05 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:02:15 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:02:25 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:02:35 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:02:45 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:02:55 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:03:05 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:03:15 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:03:25 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:03:35 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:03:45 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:03:55 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:04:05 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:04:15 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:04:25 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:04:35 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:04:45 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:04:55 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:05:05 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:05:15 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:05:25 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:05:35 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:05:45 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:05:55 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:06:05 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:06:15 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:06:25 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:06:35 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:06:45 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:06:55 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:07:05 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:07:15 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:07:25 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:07:35 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:07:45 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
"0:0"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man in a bee costume standing in front of a house, while a woman talks to the camera. The man then opens the door and the bees swarm out. The video also features a man in a white shirt and hat talking to the camera, and a man in a yellow shirt and hat talking to the camera while standing in front of a house.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a man speaking to the camera, followed by a woman speaking to the camera. Then, a man is seen walking through a field with a beagle dog. The man is also shown speaking to the camera while holding a beer. The video ends with the man and woman speaking to the camera again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a group of people in a rural area, where they are seen working on a fence. The camera captures the individuals as they work on the fence, and the video also includes shots of a man speaking to the camera. The video also features a man in a bee costume, and the camera captures him as he interacts with the bees. The video concludes with a shot of a man in a white shirt standing in front of a fence.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a man in a white shirt and hat talking to the camera in front of a house, while a woman in a pink shirt and hat talks to the camera in front of a barn. The video also shows a man in a yellow shirt and hat talking to the camera in front of a house, and a man in a white shirt and hat talking to the camera in front of a barn.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man in a bee costume standing in front of a house, while a woman talks to the camera. The man then opens the door and is attacked by a swarm of bees. The video ends with the man running away from the bees.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man in a bee costume standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt talking to the camera, and a man in a bee costume standing in front of a window. Additionally, there are shots of a man in a bee costume standing in front of a mirror and a man in a bee costume standing in front of a window.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man in a white shirt and hat talking to the camera, a man in a yellow shirt and hat talking to the camera, and a man in a white shirt and hat talking to the camera. Additionally, there are scenes of people in hazmat suits and masks, a man in a yellow shirt and hat standing in front of a yellow house, and a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a yellow house.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video starts with a man speaking to the camera, followed by a woman speaking to the camera. Then, a man is seen walking through a field with a beagle dog. The man is also shown speaking to the camera while holding a beer. The video ends with the man and woman speaking to the camera again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man speaking to the camera, followed by a woman speaking to the camera. Then, a man is seen spraying down a wall with a hose, and another man is seen spraying down a wall with a hose. The video ends with a man speaking to the camera.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a man in a bee costume standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt talking to the camera, and a man in a yellow shirt and hat standing in front of a house. Additionally, there are shots of a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house with a yellow tarp, and a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house with a yellow tarp.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a man speaking to the camera, followed by a woman who is also speaking. The man then shows a beehive, and the woman is seen interacting with the bees. The video ends with the woman speaking to the camera again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a blue opening screen."
0:00:05 - A man is seen walking through a field.
0:00:10 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:00:20 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:00:25 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:00:35 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:00:40 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:00:50 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:00:55 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:01:05 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:01:10 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:01:20 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:01:25 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:01:35 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:01:40 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:01:50 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:01:55 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:02:05 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:02:10 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:02:20 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:02:25 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:02:35 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:02:40 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:02:50 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:02:55 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:03:05 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:03:10 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:03:20 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:03:25 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:03:35 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:03:40 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:03:50 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:03:55 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:04:05 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:04:10 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:04:20 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:04:25 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:04:35 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:04:40 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:04:50 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:04:55 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:05:05 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:05:10 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:05:20 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:05:25 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:05:35 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:05:40 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:05:50 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:05:55 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:06:05 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:06:10 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:06:20 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:06:25 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:06:35 - The man is shown walking through a field.
0:06:40 - The man is shown speaking to the camera.
0:06:50 - The man is shown walking through a field.
"0:06:55 - The man is shown speaking to the"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a group of people walking in the snow and then getting into a car. They then drive down a snowy road and stop to open the trunk of the car.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of people walking in the snow, a man scraping ice off a car window, and a woman getting into the car. The video also captures the group walking in the snow and standing around a car.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a group of people standing in the snow, with some of them walking towards a car. The car is then seen driving down a snowy road, with the passengers inside the car waving to the camera. The video also shows a man driving the car, and the passengers inside the car are seen laughing and enjoying the ride.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a group of people in a car driving through a snowy landscape. They are seen wiping the snow off the car's windows and windshield, and the camera captures the snowy scenery outside. The video also shows a man and a woman standing in the snow, and a man in a black coat standing in front of a car.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a group of people standing in the snow, with some of them trying to open the car door. One person is seen scraping the ice off the window, while another person is trying to open the door from the inside. The video ends with the group of people standing in the car, presumably waiting for the ice to be cleared.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of people standing in the snow, with some of them trying to open the car door. One person is seen scraping the ice off the window, while another person is seen scraping the ice off the car. The video also shows a person using a tool to open the trunk of the car.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a group of people standing around a car in the snow, with some of them trying to open the car door. The car is seen driving down a snowy road, and the people inside the car are seen talking to each other.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a group of people standing in the snow, with one person scraping ice off of a car's window. The person then opens the door and gets in the car.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a group of people walking in the snow, followed by a man driving a car and screaming at the camera. The camera then shows the car driving through the snow, and the man is seen driving the car while screaming at the camera. The video ends with the man driving the car and screaming at the camera.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a group of people walking in the snow, and a man scraping ice off the car's windows. The camera then pans to the inside of the car, where a woman is driving.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a group of people standing in the snow, and a man is seen scraping ice off of a car's window."
2. The man then proceeds to open the car door and climbs into the driver's seat.
3. The camera then shows the interior of the car, where the man is seen driving away.
"4. The video ends with the man and the two women standing in the snow, and the man is seen scraping ice off of the car's window again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a car driving down a snowy road."
0:00:30 - The car stops, and a man and a woman get out.
0:00:45 - The man opens the trunk of the car and takes out a shovel.
0:00:55 - The man starts to shovel the snow off the car.
0:01:15 - The woman gets into the driver's seat and starts the car.
0:01:30 - The man finishes shoveling the snow off the car and gets into the back seat.
"0:01:45 - The car drives away.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a square, with some holding signs and others standing around. A man in a black shirt speaks to the camera, and a woman in a black shirt and hat is seen talking to others. The video also shows a man in a green shirt and hat talking to the camera, and a man in a black shirt and hat talking to others.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a square, with some holding signs and others hugging each other. A man in a suit is seen talking to the crowd, and a woman in a hijab is also present. The video also shows a man in a suit and tie standing in front of a crowd, and a man in a suit and tie standing in front of a crowd of people.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a group of people gathered in a public space, engaging in various activities such as playing with a frisbee, holding signs, and participating in a flash mob. The scene is lively and energetic, with people of different ages and backgrounds coming together to enjoy the outdoors and express themselves.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures various spatio-temporal contexts, including a group of people walking down a street, a man holding a sign in front of a building, a group of people standing in front of a building, and a group of people standing in front of a building with a sign that says """"stop war."""" The video also shows a man holding a sign in front of a building with a sign that says """"stop war.""""</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a group of people gathered in a square, with some holding signs and others hugging each other. A man in a suit is seen talking to the crowd, and a woman in a black shirt is also present. The video ends with a shot of a man in a suit standing in front of a crowd.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a square, with some holding signs and others hugging each other. A man in a suit is seen walking through the crowd, and a woman in a hijab is also present. The video captures the energy and diversity of the protest, with people of all ages and backgrounds coming together to express their views.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a square, with some holding signs and others hugging each other. The group then marches down the street, with some people holding signs and others hugging each other. The video also shows a man in a suit walking down the street, and a group of people standing in front of a building.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a square, with some holding signs and others standing around. A man in a black shirt and hat is seen talking to the camera, while a woman in a black shirt and hat is also seen talking. The group then starts to march down the street, with some holding signs and others standing around. The video ends with the group still marching down the street.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a group of people walking down a street, and then it transitions to a man speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The scene then shifts to a group of people sitting on the ground, and a man in a suit speaking to the camera. The video then shows a group of people walking down the street, and a man in a suit speaking to the"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video captures a group of people gathered in a square, with some holding signs and others standing around. A man in a black shirt and hat is seen talking to the camera, while a woman in a black shirt and hat is also present. The group then proceeds to sit on the ground and hold a banner. The video also shows a man in a green shirt and hat talking to the camera, and a man in a black shirt and hat holding a sign.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A group of people gather in a square to protest."
2. A man in a black shirt speaks to the crowd.
3. A woman in a black shirt and hat is interviewed.
4. A man in a green shirt is interviewed.
5. A man in a black shirt and hat is interviewed.
6. A man in a black shirt and hat is interviewed.
7. A man in a black shirt and hat is interviewed.
8. A man in a black shirt and hat is interviewed.
9. A man in a black shirt and hat is interviewed.
"10. A man in a black shirt and hat is interviewed.</s>"",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a black screen featuring white text that reads """"Silence is a weapon of the oppressor."""""
0:00:05 - The video transitions to a group of people walking down a street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat leading the way.
0:00:15 - The group reaches a large fountain, where they gather and begin to dance.
0:00:25 - The group continues to dance and sing, with some individuals holding signs and others performing acrobatic moves.
0:00:45 - The group marches down the street, with some individuals holding signs and others performing acrobatic moves.
0:00:55 - The group reaches a large building, where they continue to dance and sing.
"0:01:10 - The video ends with a black screen featuring white text that reads """"Silence is a weapon of the oppressor.""""</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man grooming a dog in a grooming room. He uses a spray bottle to clean the dog's ears and then uses a blow dryer to dry them.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video starts with a man grooming a dog in a salon. He then proceeds to clean the dog's ears with a bottle of solution and a cotton swab. The man then shows the cleaning solution and the cotton swab to the camera.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a man grooming a dog in a salon, a woman holding a white dog in a room, and a man holding a white dog in a room. The video also features a man holding a white dog in a room, a man holding a white dog in a room, and a man holding a white dog in a room.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a man grooming a dog in a salon, a dog being groomed in a room, and a dog being groomed in a salon. The video also features a man holding a dog in a room and a dog being groomed in a salon.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man grooming a dog in a salon. He is seen using a brush to clean the dog's fur and then using a vacuum to remove any loose hair. The man also uses a comb to style the dog's hair and trims its nails. Throughout the video, the man is seen interacting with the dog in a gentle and caring manner.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a man grooming a dog in a grooming room. He uses a spray bottle to clean the dog's ears and then uses a blow dryer to dry them. The man also uses a comb to groom the dog's hair.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man grooming a dog in a grooming room. He is seen using a brush to groom the dog's fur, and he also uses a comb to groom the dog's hair. The video also shows the man using a spray bottle to clean the dog's fur.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video starts with a man grooming a dog in a salon. He then proceeds to clean the dog's ears with a bottle of solution and a cotton swab. The man then shows the cleaning solution and the cotton swab to the camera.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a white screen displaying the title of the video. Then, a man is shown holding a dog in a room and talking to the camera. The man then proceeds to clean the dog's ears with a bottle of solution and a cotton swab. After cleaning the ears, the man shows the cleaning solution to the camera. The video ends with the closing credits.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a man grooming a dog in a salon, with a focus on cleaning the dog's ears. The man uses a tool to clean the inside of the dog's ears and then wipes the outside of the ears. The video also includes a demonstration of how to clean a dog's ears at home, with a bottle of solution and a cotton ball.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a man kneeling down next to a dog, followed by a shot of a dog being groomed. The man then proceeds to clean the dog's ears, and the video ends with a shot of the man petting the dog.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
0:00:05 - The video transitions to a man wearing a white coat and blue jeans, kneeling down next to a dog.
0:00:15 - The man is seen holding a bottle of cleaning solution and spraying it on the dog's fur.
0:00:25 - The man then proceeds to clean the dog's ears with a q-tip.
"0:00:35 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:00:40 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:00:45 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:00:50 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:00:55 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:01:00 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:01:05 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:01:10 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:01:15 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:01:20 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:01:25 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:01:30 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:01:35 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:01:40 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:01:45 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:01:50 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:01:55 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:02:00 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:02:05 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:02:10 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:02:15 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:02:20 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning Tips for Your Dog""""."
"0:02:25 - The video transitions to a white screen displaying the title """"VetVid - Top 10 Cleaning T"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a large jet airplane taking off from an airport runway and flying over a forest.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a large jet airplane taking off from an airport runway, flying through the sky, and then landing on the runway. The video also captures the airplane taxiing on the runway.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a large airplane taking off from an airport runway, flying over a city, and then landing on the runway. The video also shows a plane flying over a field and a city, and another plane flying over a field and a city.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a large jet airplane taking off from an airport runway, flying over a city, and then landing on the runway. The video also shows the airplane flying over a field and trees, and a city skyline.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a large jet airplane taking off from an airport runway and flying through the sky. The airplane is seen from a distance, and the camera captures its movement as it ascends into the sky. The video also shows the airplane flying over a forest and a city, providing a sense of scale and context to the viewer. The video ends with the airplane flying over the city, showcasing its impressive size and speed.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a large jet airplane taking off from an airport runway, flying through the sky, and then landing on the runway. The airplane is seen from a distance, and the video captures the entire process of takeoff, flight, and landing.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a large jetliner taking off from an airport runway and flying through the sky. The plane is seen from a distance, and the sun is setting in the background. The video also shows the plane flying over a field of trees and a city.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a large jet airplane taking off from an airport runway, flying through the sky, and then landing on the runway. The airplane is seen from a distance, and the sun is setting in the background.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a large jet airplane taking off from an airport runway, flying through the sky, and then landing on the same runway. The video also shows a plane flying over a city and a plane flying over a field. The video captures the beauty of the sky and the movement of the planes in the air.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video captures a large jetliner taking off from an airport runway, ascending into the sky, and flying over a forest. The focus is on the airplane's departure and the surrounding scenery.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a large jet airplane taking off from a runway."
2. The camera then pans to the left, revealing a city skyline in the background.
3. The airplane continues to fly over the city, showcasing its impressive size and speed.
4. The camera then pans to the right, revealing a large field of trees.
5. The airplane flies over the field of trees, providing a serene contrast to the bustling city below.
"6. The video ends with the airplane flying away from the camera, leaving a trail of smoke behind it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a view of an airport runway."
0:00:10 - A large passenger jet is seen taking off from the runway.
0:00:20 - The jet ascends into the sky, leaving a trail of smoke behind.
0:00:30 - The sun sets in the background, casting a warm glow over the scene.
"0:00:40 - The jet continues to climb higher into the sky, eventually disappearing from view.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video captures a person bungee jumping off a bridge over a body of water, with the camera capturing the jump from different angles. The person is seen wearing a red jacket and a helmet while jumping.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a person walking on a bridge, followed by a man jumping off the bridge and bungee jumping. The camera then pans to the ground, and the person is shown walking on the ground.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a person bungee jumping off a bridge, a man taking a picture of the jump, and a person riding a bike down a mountain. The video also features a person standing on a cliff overlooking a lake, a person standing on a cliff overlooking a lake, and a person standing on a cliff overlooking a lake.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a person's journey from a mountain top to a lake, showcasing the breathtaking views of the surrounding landscape. The person is seen walking on a suspended rope bridge, bungee jumping off the bridge, and then landing in the lake. The video also features a person riding a bike down a mountain road, and a person standing on a mountain top with a backpack.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person bungee jumping off a bridge, and the camera captures the person's descent and the surrounding scenery. The person is seen wearing a helmet and a harness, and the jump is captured from different angles. The video also shows the person landing safely in the water below.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person bungee jumping off a bridge, a person riding a bike down a mountain, and a person standing on a cliff overlooking a lake.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person bungee jumping off a bridge, and the camera captures the person's descent and the surrounding scenery. The video also shows the person walking on a suspension bridge and taking a selfie.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person bungee jumping off a bridge, with the camera capturing the jump from different angles. The person is seen walking towards the edge of the bridge, taking a deep breath, and then jumping off the edge. The camera captures the person falling down and swinging back and forth over the water. The person is then seen walking back to the bridge, and the video ends with the person waving to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a person walking on a bridge, followed by a man jumping off the bridge and bungee jumping. The man is then seen walking on a road with a bag, and later on, he is seen standing on a cliff with a parachute. The man then jumps off the cliff and lands in the water.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a person bungee jumping off a bridge, with the camera capturing the person's descent and the surrounding scenery. The person is seen wearing a red jacket and a helmet, and the jump is captured from different angles. The video also shows the person landing safely in the water, and the camera captures the surrounding scenery, including mountains and water.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a person walking on a bridge overlooking a lake."
2. The person then jumps off the bridge and bungee jumps into the lake.
3. The person is shown riding a bike down a mountain road.
4. The person is seen walking on a suspension bridge overlooking a lake.
5. The person is shown riding a bike down a mountain road.
6. The person is seen walking on a suspension bridge overlooking a lake.
7. The person is shown riding a bike down a mountain road.
8. The person is seen walking on a suspension bridge overlooking a lake.
9. The person is shown riding a bike down a mountain road.
10. The person is seen walking on a suspension bridge overlooking a lake.
11. The person is shown riding a bike down a mountain road.
12. The person is seen walking on a suspension bridge overlooking a lake.
13. The person is shown riding a bike down a mountain road.
14. The person is seen walking on a suspension bridge overlooking a lake.
15. The person is shown riding a bike down a mountain road.
16. The person is seen walking on a suspension bridge overlooking a lake.
17. The person is shown riding a bike down a mountain road.
18. The person is seen walking on a suspension bridge overlooking a lake.
19. The person is shown riding a bike down a mountain road.
20. The person is seen walking on a suspension bridge overlooking a lake.
21. The person is shown riding a bike down a mountain road.
22. The person is seen walking on a suspension bridge overlooking a lake.
23. The person is shown riding a bike down a mountain road.
24. The person is seen walking on a suspension bridge overlooking a lake.
25. The person is shown riding a bike down a mountain road.
26. The person is seen walking on a suspension bridge overlooking a lake.
27. The person is shown riding a bike down a mountain road.
28. The person is seen walking on a suspension bridge overlooking a lake.
29. The person is shown riding a bike down a mountain road.
"30. The person is seen walking on a suspension bridge overlooking a lake.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a breathtaking view of a mountainous landscape."
0:05:00 - A person is seen walking on a suspended rope bridge, showcasing their bravery and adventurous spirit.
0:15:00 - The camera captures a person bungee jumping off the bridge, adding an element of excitement and adrenaline to the scene.
0:25:00 - The camera pans out to show the surrounding landscape, highlighting the beauty of the natural environment.
0:35:00 - The video transitions to a person riding a bike down a winding road, showcasing their skill and control.
0:45:00 - The camera captures a person paragliding over the mountains, providing a bird's-eye view of the landscape.
"0:55:00 - The video concludes with a person walking on a suspended rope bridge, showcasing their bravery and adventurous spirit.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a bear climbing a tree and eating leaves. It also shows a close-up of the bear's face and a person walking in the background.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a bear climbing a tree and eating leaves. It also shows a person walking in the background. The bear is seen climbing down the tree and walking away.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a brown bear climbing a tree and eating leaves. It also shows a man walking in the background. The bear is seen climbing the tree and eating leaves, while the man walks in the background.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,The video captures a brown bear climbing a tree and eating leaves. It also shows the bear walking on the ground and in the water. The video provides a glimpse into the natural behavior of bears in their habitat.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a bear climbing a tree and eating leaves. It also shows a man walking in the background.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a bear climbing a tree and eating leaves. It also shows a man walking in the background. The bear is seen in different positions, including sitting on a tree branch and standing on a rock. The video captures the bear's natural behavior in its habitat.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a bear climbing a tree and eating leaves. The bear is seen in different positions, including sitting on a tree branch and standing on the ground. The video also shows a close-up of a bear's face.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a bear climbing a tree and eating leaves. It also shows the bear walking around the tree and looking at the camera.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a bear climbing a tree and eating leaves. It also shows a person walking in the background. The bear is seen climbing the tree and eating leaves at different times, but the exact time range is not specified in the given information.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video captures a brown bear climbing a tree and eating leaves. It also shows the bear walking around the tree and looking at the camera.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The bear climbs the tree and reaches the top."
2. The bear looks around and spots a bird.
3. The bear tries to catch the bird but fails.
"4. The bear then climbs down the tree.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a close-up shot of a bear climbing a tree."
0:05:00 - The bear continues to climb the tree, moving from left to right.
0:15:00 - The bear reaches the top of the tree and begins to eat something.
0:25:00 - The bear stops eating and looks around.
"0:35:00 - The bear climbs down the tree and walks away.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a group of people riding bikes on a track at night. They are wearing helmets and racing around the track. The video captures the excitement and energy of the event.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of people riding bikes on a track at night. One person falls off their bike, and another person rides their bike on the track. The video also shows a man riding a bike on a ramp and a person riding a bike on a track at night.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a group of people engaging in various activities in a specific location. The first scene shows a group of people riding bikes on a track, with one person falling off their bike. The second scene shows a group of people playing a game of hockey on the same track. The third scene shows a group of people skateboarding on the same track. The fourth scene shows a group of people playing a game of tennis on the same track. The fifth scene shows a group of people playing a game of basketball on the same track. The sixth scene shows a group of people playing a game of soccer on the same track. The seventh scene shows a group of people playing a game of baseball on the same track. The eighth scene shows a group of people playing a game of cricket on the same track. The ninth scene shows a group of people playing a game of football on the same track. The tenth scene shows a group of people playing a game of rugby on the same track. The eleventh scene shows a group of people playing a game of basketball on the same track. The twelfth scene shows a group of people playing a game of tennis on the same track. The thirteenth scene shows a group of people playing a game of soccer on the same track. The fourteenth scene shows a group of people playing a game of cricket on the same track. The fifteenth scene shows a group of people playing a game of football on the same track. The sixteenth scene shows a group of people playing a game of rugby on the same track. The seventeenth scene shows a group of people playing a game of basketball on the same track. The eighteenth scene shows a group of people playing a game of tennis on the same track. The nineteenth scene shows a group of people playing a game of soccer on the same track. The twentieth scene shows a group of people playing a game of cricket on the same track. The twenty-first scene shows a group of people playing a game of football on the same track. The twenty-second scene shows a group of people playing a game of rugby on the same track. The twenty-third scene shows a group of people playing a game of basketball on the same track. The twenty-fourth scene shows a group of people playing a game of tennis on the same track. The twenty-fifth scene shows a group of people playing a game of soccer on the same track. The twenty-sixth scene shows a group of people playing a game of cricket on the same track. The twenty-seventh scene shows a group of people playing a game of football on the same track. The twenty-eighth scene shows a group of people playing a game of rugby on the same track. The twenty-ninth scene shows a group of people playing a game of basketball on the same track. The thirtieth scene shows a group of people playing a game of tennis on the same track. The thirty-first scene shows a group of people playing a game of soccer on the same track. The thirty-second scene shows a group of people playing a game of cricket on the same track. The thirty-third scene shows a group of people playing a game of football on the same track. The thirty-fourth scene shows a group of people playing a game of rugby on the same track. The thirty-fifth scene shows a group of people playing a game of basketball on the same track. The thirty-sixth scene shows a group of people playing a game of tennis on the same track. The thirty-seventh scene shows a group of people playing a game of soccer on the same track. The thirty-eighth scene shows a group of people playing a game of cricket on the same track. The thirty-ninth scene shows a group of people playing a game of football on the same track. The fortieth scene shows a group of people playing a game of rugby on the same track. The forty-first scene shows a group of people playing a game of basketball on the same track. The forty-second scene shows a group of people playing a game of tennis on the same track. The forty-third scene shows a group of people playing a game of soccer on the same track. The forty-fourth scene shows a group of people playing a game of cricket on the same track. The forty-fifth scene shows a group of people playing a game of football on the same track. The forty-sixth scene shows a group of people playing a game of rugby on the same track. The forty-seventh scene shows a group of people playing a game of basketball on the same track. The forty-eighth scene shows a group of people playing a game of tennis on the same track. The forty-ninth scene shows a group of people playing a game of soccer on the same track. The fift"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures different spatio-temporal contexts, including a nighttime cityscape, a skateboard park, and a track. The main focus is on a group of people riding bikes on a track, with one person falling off their bike. The video also shows a man skateboarding in a skate park and a person riding a bike on a track at night.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a group of people riding bikes on a track, with some of them falling off their bikes. The camera captures the action from different angles, and the video ends with a shot of a person riding a bike on a track.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of people riding bikes on a track, with some of them falling off their bikes. There are also shots of people riding bikes on a street at night, with some of them falling off their bikes. Additionally, there are shots of people riding bikes on a track at night, with some of them falling off their bikes.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a group of people riding bikes on a track at night. They are seen riding around the track, and the camera captures their movements. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt riding a bike on the track.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a group of people riding bikes on a track, with some of them falling off their bikes. The camera captures their movements as they ride around the track.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man riding a bike on a track, followed by a group of people riding bikes on the same track. The camera captures the riders from different angles, and the video ends with the group of people riding their bikes.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a group of people riding bikes on a track, with one person falling off their bike. The camera captures the action from different angles, and the video ends with the person getting back up and continuing to ride.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a man riding a bike on a track."
2. The man is then seen running with a pole in his hand.
3. The man is shown running on a track with a group of people.
4. The man is seen running on a track with a group of people at night.
5. The man is shown running on a track with a group of people at night.
6. The man is shown running on a track with a group of people at night.
7. The man is shown running on a track with a group of people at night.
8. The man is shown running on a track with a group of people at night.
9. The man is shown running on a track with a group of people at night.
"10. The man is shown running on a track with a group of people at night.</s>"",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a man riding a bike on a track."
0:00:10 - The man is seen riding around the track, and the camera captures his movements.
0:00:20 - The man is seen riding around the track again, and the camera captures his movements.
0:00:30 - The man is seen riding around the track again, and the camera captures his movements.
0:00:40 - The man is seen riding around the track again, and the camera captures his movements.
0:00:50 - The man is seen riding around the track again, and the camera captures his movements.
"0:01:00 - The video ends with the man riding around the track one last time.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a tour bus driving through a narrow canyon, with passengers on the top deck enjoying the view. The bus makes it through the canyon, and the passengers on the top deck wave to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a bus driving through a mountainous area, passing by a car and a truck. The bus also drives through a narrow canyon and a tunnel. Additionally, a person is seen standing on the side of the road.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a group of people traveling through a mountainous area, with a focus on a tour bus driving through a narrow canyon. The camera captures the bus as it navigates the winding road, providing a sense of the journey and the scenic beauty of the location. The video also includes shots of the passengers on the bus, highlighting the shared experience of traveling together. The footage conveys a sense of adventure and exploration, as the group of people embark on a journey through the picturesque landscape.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a bus driving through a mountainous area, with a person standing on the side of the road. The bus is seen driving through a tunnel and parked in a parking lot. The video also shows a person standing on a rock in the mountains.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a bus driving through a mountainous area, with a person standing in front of the bus. The bus is seen driving through a narrow canyon and a tunnel, and it is also seen driving on a road with a large rock in the background. The video ends with the bus driving down a road with a large rock in the background.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a bus driving through a mountainous area, with a person standing in front of the bus. The bus is seen driving through a narrow canyon and a tunnel, and it is also seen driving on a road with a large rock in the background. The video captures the beauty of the mountainous terrain and the thrill of driving through it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a bus driving through a narrow canyon, passing by a car, and then stopping to allow passengers to disembark. The video also shows a person standing in front of the bus.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a bus driving through a mountainous area, with a person standing in front of the bus. The bus then drives through a narrow canyon and turns a corner, with the person still standing in front of the bus.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a bus driving through a narrow canyon, passing by a car, and then stopping to allow passengers to disembark. The bus then continues driving through the canyon, passing by other cars and people.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a bus driving through a narrow canyon, with a person standing on the side of the road. The bus is seen from the inside, and the driver is seen driving through the canyon. The video also shows the bus driving through a tunnel and a mountain pass.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The bus drives through a narrow canyon, with the camera capturing the scenery and the bus's movement."
2. The bus stops at the bottom of the canyon, and passengers disembark.
3. The camera captures the passengers walking around and exploring the canyon.
4. The bus drives through the canyon again, with the camera capturing the scenery and the bus's movement.
5. The bus stops at the top of the canyon, and passengers disembark.
6. The camera captures the passengers walking around and exploring the canyon.
7. The bus drives through the canyon again, with the camera capturing the scenery and the bus's movement.
8. The bus stops at the bottom of the canyon, and passengers disembark.
"9. The camera captures the passengers walking around and exploring the canyon.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a view of a large canyon."
0:00:30 - A bus drives through the canyon, and the camera captures the passengers' reactions.
0:00:50 - The bus stops, and passengers disembark.
0:01:00 - The camera captures the passengers' reactions as they exit the bus.
0:01:10 - The camera pans around the canyon, showcasing the natural beauty of the surroundings.
"0:01:30 - The bus drives away, and the camera captures the passengers' reactions as they continue their journey.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a car driving on a dirt road, passing by a field and a car parked on the side of the road. The camera captures the car's movement and the surrounding landscape.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a car driving on a dirt road, and then it shows a person walking on the same road. The camera then pans around the area, and the person continues to walk.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a car driving on a dirt road, passing by a field and a car parked on the side of the road. The camera then pans to the driver's feet, and the car continues driving on the dirt road.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a car driving on a dirt road in a desert landscape, with a person's feet visible in the foreground. The camera pans around the area, showcasing the vastness of the desert and the car's movement on the road.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a car driving on a dirt road, passing by a field and a car parked on the side of the road. The camera then pans to the driver's feet, and the car continues driving on the dirt road.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a car driving on a dirt road, passing by a field and a car driving in the opposite direction. The camera captures the car driving on the dirt road, and the driver's feet are visible on the pedals. The video also shows a person walking on the dirt road, and the car driving on the road.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person walking in the desert, passing by a car and a truck. The person is also seen walking on a dirt road and a dirt field. The video captures the vastness of the desert landscape and the person's journey through it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a car driving on a dirt road, passing by a field and a car driving in the opposite direction. The camera then pans to the driver's feet, and the car continues driving on the dirt road.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a car driving on a dirt road, and then it shows a person walking on the same road. The camera then pans to the ground, and the person's feet are shown walking on the dirt. The video ends with the person's feet walking away from the camera.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a car driving on a dirt road, passing by a field and a car parked on the side of the road. The camera captures the car's movement and the surrounding landscape, including the dirt road and the field.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera pans around a large field, showcasing the vastness of the landscape."
2. The camera zooms in on a car driving down a dirt road, highlighting the vehicle's movement and the surrounding environment.
3. The camera captures the car driving through a small town, providing a glimpse of the town's architecture and layout.
4. The camera captures the car driving through a large field, emphasizing the openness and expansiveness of the landscape.
5. The camera captures the car driving through a desert landscape, showcasing the aridity and desolation of the environment.
6. The camera captures the car driving through a rocky terrain, highlighting the challenges and obstacles of the journey.
7. The camera captures the car driving through a rocky terrain, emphasizing the ruggedness and difficulty of the environment.
8. The camera captures the car driving through a rocky terrain, showcasing the vehicle's resilience and determination.
9. The camera captures the car driving through a rocky terrain, emphasizing the challenges and obstacles of the journey.
"10. The camera captures the car driving through a rocky terrain, showcasing the vehicle's ability to navigate difficult terrain.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a view of a large, open field."
0:00:10 - A car drives down a dirt road, passing by the camera.
0:00:20 - The camera pans around the field, showing the vastness of the area.
0:00:30 - The car continues to drive down the road, passing by the camera again.
0:00:40 - The camera pans around the field once more, showing the vastness of the area.
0:00:50 - The car drives down the road, passing by the camera one last time.
"0:01:00 - The video ends with the camera facing the field.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a train passing by a car that is stuck on the tracks. People gather around the car to help, and they eventually get the car off the tracks.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a train passing by a platform where a man is standing. A car is seen driving down the road, and a man is standing next to it. The car is then pushed onto a platform, and a man is seen standing next to it. The car is then pushed onto a ramp, and a man is seen standing next to it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a train passing by a platform where a group of people are standing. A man is seen standing next to a car, and a dog is seen walking on the sidewalk. The man then gets into the car and drives away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a train passing by a car accident, where a man is seen standing next to a cow that has fallen off the train. The video also shows a man standing next to a cow that has fallen off a train, and a man standing next to a cow that has fallen off a train.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a train passing by a platform where a man is standing. The man then proceeds to remove a car from the train tracks.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a train passing by a platform where a man is standing. A car is seen driving down the road, and a man is standing next to it. The car is then pushed onto a platform, and a man is seen standing next to it. The car is then pushed onto a ramp, and a man is seen standing next to it. The car is then pushed onto a train, and a man is seen standing next to it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a train passing by a platform, a man standing on the platform, and a car being hit by a train. The man is seen standing on the platform and talking to others.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a train passing by a platform where a man is standing. A car is seen driving down the road, and a man is standing next to it. The car is then pulled over by another car, and a man climbs out of the driver's seat. The man is then attacked by a bear, and the car is driven away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a train passing by a platform where a man is standing. The man then proceeds to hit the car with a stick, causing it to move. The car is then pushed onto the platform, and the man climbs onto the car to hit it again. The video ends with the man walking away.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a train passing by a platform where a man is standing. A car is seen driving down the road, and a man is standing next to it. The car is then pulled over by another car, and a man gets out of the car. The man then proceeds to lift the hood of the car and pulls out a dead animal from underneath it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A train is seen passing by a car that is stuck on the tracks."
2. People gather around the car, and a man climbs onto the car to try to move it.
3. The man is unsuccessful, and the car is eventually pushed off the tracks by a tow truck.
4. The tow truck driver climbs onto the car to remove the tow rope.
5. The car is then pushed off the tracks by the tow truck.
6. The tow truck driver climbs onto the car again to remove the tow rope.
7. The car is pushed off the tracks by the tow truck.
8. The tow truck driver climbs onto the car one last time to remove the tow rope.
"9. The car is pushed off the tracks by the tow truck.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A train is seen passing by a car."
0:00:30 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:00:45 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:00:50 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:00:55 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:01:00 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:01:05 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:01:10 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:01:15 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:01:20 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:01:25 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:01:30 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:01:35 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:01:40 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:01:45 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:01:50 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:01:55 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:02:00 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:02:05 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:02:10 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:02:15 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:02:20 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:02:25 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:02:30 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:02:35 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:02:40 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:02:45 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:02:50 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:02:55 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:03:00 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:03:05 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:03:10 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:03:15 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:03:20 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:03:25 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:03:30 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:03:35 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:03:40 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:03:45 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:03:50 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:03:55 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:04:00 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:04:05 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:04:10 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:04:15 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:04:20 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:04:25 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:04:30 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:04:35 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:04:40 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:04:45 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:04:50 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
0:04:55 - A man is seen standing next to a car.
"0:05:00 - A man is seen standing next to a car"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a chef cooking food on a grill. He adds more ingredients to the pan and continues cooking.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a chef cooking food on a grill, and then he adds more ingredients to the pan. He then moves the food around and continues cooking. Finally, he takes the food off the grill and places it on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,The video showcases a chef cooking food on a grill in a restaurant. The chef is seen adding ingredients to the grill and cooking them. The video also shows the chef using a knife to cut the food and a spoon to stir it. The chef is wearing a white shirt and a red hat. The video ends with the chef turning off the grill and the camera panning out.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,The video showcases a man cooking food on a grill in a restaurant. He is seen cutting up ingredients and cooking them on the grill. The video also shows a close-up of the food being cooked on the grill.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man cooking food on a grill, adding more ingredients to the pan, and stirring the food. He then serves the food on a plate and adds sauce to it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a man cooking food on a grill in a restaurant. He adds more ingredients to the food and continues cooking. The video also shows the man using a knife to cut the food and a spoon to stir it.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man cooking food on a grill, adding more ingredients to the pan, and stirring the food. The man is also seen using a knife to cut up food and a spoon to stir it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a man cooking food on a grill. He adds more ingredients to the grill and continues cooking. The man then takes the food off the grill and places it on a plate.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man putting food on a grill, and then he adds more food to the grill. He then takes a spatula and moves the food around on the grill. After that, he takes a towel and wipes the grill. Finally, he takes the food off the grill and puts it on a plate.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a chef cooking food on a grill, adding more ingredients to the pan, and stirring them. The chef then serves the food on a plate and adds sauce to it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The chef is seen cooking on a grill in a restaurant."
2. The chef adds more ingredients to the grill.
3. The chef finishes cooking the food.
4. The chef takes the food off the grill and places it on a plate.
5. The chef adds more ingredients to the grill.
6. The chef finishes cooking the food.
"7. The chef takes the food off the grill and places it on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The chef is seen cooking on a grill."
0:00:30 - The chef adds more food to the grill.
0:01:00 - The chef moves the food around on the grill.
0:02:00 - The chef takes the food off the grill.
0:03:00 - The chef puts the food on a plate.
0:04:00 - The chef takes the plate away.
0:05:00 - The chef puts the food back on the grill.
0:06:00 - The chef takes the food off the grill again.
0:07:00 - The chef puts the food on a plate again.
0:08:00 - The chef takes the plate away.
0:09:00 - The chef puts the food back on the grill.
0:10:00 - The chef takes the food off the grill.
0:11:00 - The chef puts the food on a plate.
0:12:00 - The chef takes the plate away.
0:13:00 - The chef puts the food back on the grill.
0:14:00 - The chef takes the food off the grill.
0:15:00 - The chef puts the food on a plate.
0:16:00 - The chef takes the plate away.
0:17:00 - The chef puts the food back on the grill.
0:18:00 - The chef takes the food off the grill.
0:19:00 - The chef puts the food on a plate.
0:20:00 - The chef takes the plate away.
0:21:00 - The chef puts the food back on the grill.
0:22:00 - The chef takes the food off the grill.
0:23:00 - The chef puts the food on a plate.
0:24:00 - The chef takes the plate away.
0:25:00 - The chef puts the food back on the grill.
0:26:00 - The chef takes the food off the grill.
0:27:00 - The chef puts the food on a plate.
0:28:00 - The chef takes the plate away.
0:29:00 - The chef puts the food back on the grill.
0:30:00 - The chef takes the food off the grill.
0:31:00 - The chef puts the food on a plate.
0:32:00 - The chef takes the plate away.
0:33:00 - The chef puts the food back on the grill.
0:34:00 - The chef takes the food off the grill.
0:35:00 - The chef puts the food on a plate.
0:36:00 - The chef takes the plate away.
0:37:00 - The chef puts the food back on the grill.
0:38:00 - The chef takes the food off the grill.
0:39:00 - The chef puts the food on a plate.
0:40:00 - The chef takes the plate away.
0:41:00 - The chef puts the food back on the grill.
0:42:00 - The chef takes the food off the grill.
0:43:00 - The chef puts the food on a plate.
0:44:00 - The chef takes the plate away.
0:45:00 - The chef puts the food back on the grill.
0:46:00 - The chef takes the food off the grill.
0:47:00 - The chef puts the food on a plate.
0:48:00 - The chef takes the plate away.
0:49:00 - The chef puts the food back on the grill.
0:50:00 - The chef takes the food off the grill.
0:51:00 - The chef puts the food on a plate.
0:52:00 - The chef takes the plate away.
0:53:00 - The chef puts the food back on the grill.
"0:54:00 - The chef takes the food"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video captures a serene view of the Eiffel Tower and the Seine River in Paris, with a person kayaking on the river and a boat passing under the bridge. The video also shows a large group of people walking on the bridge and a man taking a picture.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video captures a person riding a kayak on the Seine river, passing under the Eiffel Tower, and continuing to ride down the river. The video also shows a large group of people walking on the bridge above the river.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a group of people kayaking on the Seine river, with a bridge in the background. The kayakers are seen paddling their way through the water, enjoying the scenic view of the river and the surrounding area. The video also shows a group of people standing on the bridge, watching the kayakers go by. The bridge itself is a prominent feature in the video, with its arched design and the river flowing beneath it. The kayakers are seen navigating through the water, with their paddles moving in unison, creating a sense of harmony and rhythm. The video captures the beauty of the river and the joy of kayaking, with the bridge serving as a backdrop to the action.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures the Eiffel Tower and the Seine River in Paris, France. It shows a person kayaking on the river, a boat on the river, and a person standing on the river. The video also shows a person standing on the Eiffel Tower and a person standing on a bridge over the river.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person kayaking on the Seine river, passing under the Eiffel Tower, and continuing to paddle down the river. The video also captures the beauty of the Eiffel Tower and the river, with a focus on the kayaker's journey.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person kayaking in the Seine river, passing under a bridge, and then continuing to kayak. The person is seen paddling through the water, and the camera captures the surrounding scenery.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man in a kayak paddling through the water, and a person in a boat paddling through the water. Additionally, there are several shots of the Eiffel Tower and the Seine river.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person riding a boat on the water, a man standing on a bridge, and a crowd of people walking on the bridge. The camera pans around the area, and the person on the boat continues to ride around.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a person rowing a boat in the water, a man walking on a bridge, and a person standing on a bridge. The person in the boat is seen rowing for a while before stopping. The man on the bridge is seen walking for a while before stopping. The person standing on the bridge is seen standing for a while before walking away.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video captures a person kayaking in the Seine river, passing under the Eiffel Tower, and continuing to paddle down the river. The video also shows the Eiffel Tower from different angles and perspectives, including a view from the river and a view from the ground.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A person is seen paddling a boat in the water."
2. The camera pans around the area, showing people walking around.
3. The camera shows a large bridge with people walking on it.
4. The camera pans around the area, showing the bridge and the water.
5. The camera shows a large building with a clock tower.
6. The camera pans around the area, showing the bridge and the water.
7. The camera shows a large building with a clock tower.
8. The camera shows a large bridge with people walking on it.
9. The camera shows a large building with a clock tower.
"10. The camera shows a large bridge with people walking on it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a view of the Eiffel Tower."
0:00:10 - A person is seen paddling a boat in the water.
0:00:20 - The camera pans to the right, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:00:30 - The camera pans to the left, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:00:40 - The camera pans to the right, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:00:50 - The camera pans to the left, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:01:00 - The camera pans to the right, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:01:10 - The camera pans to the left, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:01:20 - The camera pans to the right, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:01:30 - The camera pans to the left, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:01:40 - The camera pans to the right, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:01:50 - The camera pans to the left, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:02:00 - The camera pans to the right, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:02:10 - The camera pans to the left, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:02:20 - The camera pans to the right, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:02:30 - The camera pans to the left, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:02:40 - The camera pans to the right, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:02:50 - The camera pans to the left, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:03:00 - The camera pans to the right, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:03:10 - The camera pans to the left, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:03:20 - The camera pans to the right, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:03:30 - The camera pans to the left, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:03:40 - The camera pans to the right, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:03:50 - The camera pans to the left, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:04:00 - The camera pans to the right, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:04:10 - The camera pans to the left, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:04:20 - The camera pans to the right, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:04:30 - The camera pans to the left, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:04:40 - The camera pans to the right, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:04:50 - The camera pans to the left, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:05:00 - The camera pans to the right, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:05:10 - The camera pans to the left, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:05:20 - The camera pans to the right, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:05:30 - The camera pans to the left, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
0:05:40 - The camera pans to the right, showing a large group of people standing on the sidewalk.
"0:05:50 - The camera pans to the left, showing a large group of people"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of people working on a damaged bridge. They are using a large crane to lift a large piece of equipment onto the bridge. The workers are seen working on the bridge, and the video captures the process of repairing the bridge.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man driving a yellow bulldozer on a bridge, pushing a large rock into the water. The man then gets out of the bulldozer and walks towards the rock.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a scene of a large group of people standing on a bridge, while a yellow bulldozer is seen moving around in the water. The bulldozer is seen pushing a large piece of wood, and the people on the bridge are watching the scene unfold. The video also shows a man standing on the bulldozer, and the bulldozer is seen moving around in the water.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a man driving a yellow bulldozer in a muddy area, with a crowd of people standing on the shore watching. The man is seen driving the bulldozer in the water, and the video also shows a man standing on the shore with a camera. The video also shows a man standing on a boat in the water, and a man standing on a boat in the water with a camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man driving a yellow bulldozer on a muddy path, pushing a large rock into the water. The man then gets out of the bulldozer and walks towards the rock. The video also shows a man in a black shirt standing on the rock, and a man in a black hat standing on the ground. The video ends with the bulldozer driving away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a yellow bulldozer pushing a large piece of metal into the water, while a man in a black jacket and hat watches from the shore. The bulldozer continues to push the metal into the water, and the man in the black jacket and hat walks towards the bulldozer.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a man driving a yellow bulldozer and pushing a large rock into the water. The man then backs up the bulldozer and pushes the rock again.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a yellow bulldozer pushing a large piece of metal into the water, followed by a man climbing onto the bulldozer and pushing the metal further into the water. The video also shows a man standing on the bulldozer, and a man in a black shirt standing in the water.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a man driving a yellow bulldozer on a frozen lake, pushing a large block of ice. The man then drives the bulldozer off the ice and onto the shore.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a group of people standing on a boat in the water, while a man in a yellow uniform is seen walking on the boat. The man then climbs into a yellow machine and begins to move it around. The video also shows a man in a black uniform standing on the shore, and a man in a yellow uniform standing on the shore.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A man is seen driving a yellow bulldozer in the water."
2. The bulldozer is seen pushing a large rock into the water.
3. The bulldozer is then seen pushing a large metal object into the water.
4. The bulldozer is seen pushing a large metal object out of the water.
5. The bulldozer is seen pushing a large metal object into the water.
6. The bulldozer is seen pushing a large metal object out of the water.
7. The bulldozer is seen pushing a large metal object into the water.
"8. The bulldozer is seen pushing a large metal object out of the water.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A yellow bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge."
0:00:30 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:01:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:02:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:03:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:04:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:05:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:06:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:07:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:08:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:09:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:10:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:11:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:12:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:13:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:14:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:15:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:16:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:17:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:18:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:19:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:20:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:21:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:22:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:23:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:24:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:25:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:26:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:27:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:28:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:29:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:30:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:31:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:32:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:33:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:34:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:35:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:36:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:37:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:38:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:39:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:40:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:41:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:42:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:43:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:44:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:45:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
0:46:00 - The bulldozer is seen driving on a bridge.
"0:47:00 - The bulldozer is"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man in a blue jacket and black pants standing on a wooden platform with a blue mattress. He then jumps off the platform and lands on the mattress.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man in a red jacket and black pants walking up a hill, followed by a man in a blue jacket and black pants. They both reach the top of the hill and slide down the hill on a blue and yellow raft. The man in the red jacket falls off the raft, and the man in the blue jacket stops to help him.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a group of people enjoying various activities in a beautiful outdoor setting. The first scene shows a man riding a bike down a hill, followed by a person riding a sled down the same hill. In the next scene, a man is seen riding a skateboard down a ramp, and a person is riding a skateboard down a ramp in a different location. The video also shows a man riding a skateboard down a ramp in a different location. The final scene shows a man riding a skateboard down a ramp in a different location. Overall, the video showcases a group of people enjoying various outdoor activities in a beautiful setting.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a man sliding down a wooden ramp in a field, with a group of people standing around him. The camera pans around the field, and the man slides down the ramp again. The video also shows a man in a blue jacket standing on a hill, and a man in a red jacket standing on a hill with a blue barrel.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a person sliding down a wooden ramp and landing in a blue pool of water. The person is then seen walking out of the pool and standing on the grass.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man in a red jacket and black pants walking up a hill, followed by a man in a blue jacket and black pants. They both reach the top of the hill and slide down the hill on a blue and yellow raft. The man in the red jacket falls off the raft, and the man in the blue jacket stops to help him.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man sliding down a wooden ramp multiple times, and another man sliding down a ramp on a raft. Additionally, a man is seen sliding down a ramp on a raft in the grass.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a man in a red jacket and black pants walking up a hill with a camera. He then walks down the hill and takes pictures of a blue inflatable slide. A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up the hill with a camera. The man in the red jacket and black pants then walks up the hill again and takes pictures of the blue inflatable slide. The man in the blue jacket and black pants then walks up the hill and takes pictures of the blue inflatable slide.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man standing on a hill, and then it shows a group of people walking up the hill. The man then slides down the hill on a tube, and the group cheers him on. The man then walks back up the hill, and the group slides down the hill on tubes. The video ends with the group standing around and talking.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video captures a man sliding down a wooden ramp on a blue inflatable tube, followed by another man who also slides down the ramp. The video also shows a group of people standing on a hill, watching the slide.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill."
2. The man in the red jacket and black pants reaches the top of the hill and slides down the hill on a blue inflatable.
3. The man in the red jacket and black pants lands on the ground and walks away.
4. The man in the red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill again.
5. The man in the red jacket and black pants slides down the hill on a blue inflatable again.
6. The man in the red jacket and black pants lands on the ground and walks away.
7. The man in the red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill for the third time.
8. The man in the red jacket and black pants slides down the hill on a blue inflatable for the third time.
"9. The man in the red jacket and black pants lands on the ground and walks away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill."
0:00:30 - A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:00:50 - A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:01:10 - A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:01:30 - A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:01:50 - A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:02:10 - A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:02:30 - A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:02:50 - A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:03:10 - A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:03:30 - A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:03:50 - A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:04:10 - A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:04:30 - A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:04:50 - A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:05:10 - A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:05:30 - A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:05:50 - A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:06:10 - A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:06:30 - A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:06:50 - A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:07:10 - A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:07:30 - A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:07:50 - A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:08:10 - A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:08:30 - A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:08:50 - A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:09:10 - A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:09:30 - A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:09:50 - A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:10:10 - A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:10:30 - A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:10:50 - A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:11:10 - A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:11:30 - A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:11:50 - A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
0:12:10 - A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
"0:12:30 - A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of children playing in a yard and raking leaves into a pile. A dog walks around the yard, and a woman comes out to talk to the children.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of children raking leaves in a yard, with a dog running around and a woman walking in and out of frame. The children continue raking while the woman walks around and talks to them.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a group of children playing in a yard and a pile of leaves. They are seen jumping and playing around the pile of leaves. A woman is also seen raking the leaves in the yard. The children continue to play around the pile of leaves, and the woman continues to rake the leaves.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,The video captures a group of children playing in a yard and a dog running around. They are seen raking leaves into a pile and then jumping into the pile. The video also shows a man walking in the yard with a rake.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a group of children playing in a yard and raking leaves into a pile. A dog walks around the yard, and a woman is seen walking down the driveway. The children continue to play in the yard, and the woman walks back to the house.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of children playing in a yard and raking leaves into a pile. A dog walks around the yard, and a woman comes out to talk to the children. The children continue to rake leaves, and a man comes out to help them.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a group of children raking leaves in a yard, with a dog running around and a woman walking in and out of frame. The children continue raking while the woman walks around the yard.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a group of children raking leaves in a yard, with a dog running around and a woman walking in and out of frame. The children continue raking while the woman walks around and talks to them.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a group of children raking leaves in a yard, with a dog running around and a woman walking in and out of frame. The children continue raking while the woman walks around the yard.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a group of children raking leaves in a yard, with a dog running around and a woman walking in and out of frame. The children continue raking while the woman walks around and talks to them.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A woman and two children are seen raking leaves in a yard."
2. A dog walks around the yard while the woman and children continue raking.
3. The woman and children move to the driveway to continue raking.
4. The woman and children move to the street to continue raking.
5. The woman and children move to the sidewalk to continue raking.
6. The woman and children move to the grass to continue raking.
7. The woman and children move to the yard to continue raking.
8. The woman and children move to the driveway to continue raking.
9. The woman and children move to the street to continue raking.
10. The woman and children move to the sidewalk to continue raking.
11. The woman and children move to the grass to continue raking.
12. The woman and children move to the yard to continue raking.
13. The woman and children move to the driveway to continue raking.
14. The woman and children move to the street to continue raking.
15. The woman and children move to the sidewalk to continue raking.
16. The woman and children move to the grass to continue raking.
17. The woman and children move to the yard to continue raking.
18. The woman and children move to the driveway to continue raking.
19. The woman and children move to the street to continue raking.
"20. The woman and children move to the sidewalk to continue raking.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a group of children playing in a yard."
0:00:30 - A dog walks into the yard.
0:01:00 - The children start raking leaves.
0:03:00 - A woman walks into the yard.
0:04:00 - The children continue raking leaves.
0:06:00 - The woman walks away.
0:07:00 - The children continue raking leaves.
0:09:00 - The woman returns to the yard.
0:10:00 - The children continue raking leaves.
0:12:00 - The woman walks away again.
0:13:00 - The children continue raking leaves.
0:15:00 - The woman returns to the yard.
0:16:00 - The children continue raking leaves.
0:18:00 - The woman walks away again.
0:19:00 - The children continue raking leaves.
0:21:00 - The woman walks away for the last time.
0:22:00 - The children continue raking leaves.
"0:24:00 - The video ends.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video showcases the beauty of a large cathedral with a snowy city in the background. It features a bird's eye view of the cathedral and its surroundings, including a bridge and a river. The video also captures the snowy city from above, highlighting the cathedral's prominence in the cityscape.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a view of a large cathedral from the outside, and then it transitions to a view from the inside of the cathedral. The camera then pans out to show the city from the top of the cathedral.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a large cathedral with a tall tower and a spire, which is surrounded by snowy mountains. The camera pans around the cathedral, capturing its intricate details and architecture. The video also shows a person walking on a bridge in front of the cathedral, and a bird flying over the snowy mountains. The video ends with a view of the city from the top of the cathedral.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video showcases the beauty of the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris, France, during winter. It features a bird's eye view of the cathedral from the top of the tower, a view of the cathedral from the Seine river, and a view of the cathedral from the street. The video also shows the cathedral from the inside, with a view of the stained glass windows and the altar.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a large cathedral with a snowy roof and a clock tower. The camera pans around the cathedral and shows the city skyline in the background. The video ends with a shot of the cathedral from the outside.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a large cathedral with a snowy roof and a clock tower. The camera pans around the cathedral and shows the snowy roof and the clock tower. The video also shows a person walking on the bridge in front of the cathedral.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person walking on a bridge and a person standing on a bridge. Additionally, the video shows a person walking on a bridge in front of a building.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person walking on a bridge, a statue of a bird on top of a building, and a view of the city from the top of the building.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a view of a large cathedral from the outside, and then it transitions to a view of the same cathedral from the inside. The camera then pans out to show the city skyline, and the video ends with a view of the cathedral from the outside.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases the beauty of the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris, France, with a focus on the architecture and the snowy weather. The camera captures the cathedral from various angles, including a bird's eye view from the top of the cathedral and a view from the Seine river. The video also highlights the snowy weather, with the cathedral being covered in snow and the surrounding area being covered in snow as well.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera pans around the outside of a large cathedral."
2. The camera then shows the inside of the cathedral.
3. The camera pans around the city, showing the cathedral from different angles.
4. The camera then shows the inside of the cathedral again.
5. The camera pans around the city again, showing the cathedral from different angles.
"6. The camera then shows the inside of the cathedral once more.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a view of a large cathedral from the outside."
0:00:10 - The camera pans around the cathedral, showcasing its architectural beauty.
0:00:20 - The camera then shows the inside of the cathedral, highlighting its intricate design and stunning stained glass windows.
0:00:30 - The camera pans around the city, showcasing the cathedral's prominence in the urban landscape.
0:00:40 - The camera then shows the cathedral from the outside, emphasizing its grandeur and historical significance.
0:00:50 - The camera pans around the city, showcasing the cathedral's architectural beauty in the context of the cityscape.
"0:01:00 - The video ends with a view of the cathedral from the outside, showcasing its majestic presence in the city.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man in a field with a large group of people standing around a large rock. The man is seen throwing a ball and then walking away.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a man walking towards a large field, followed by a shot of a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field,"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a man walking through a field with a camera, and a large group of people standing around a large rock. The man then walks towards a large wheel and begins to pull a rope, which leads to a large object being pulled out of the ground. The camera then pans around the area, showing the large object being pulled out of the ground. The video ends with the man walking away from the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a man walking through a field with a camera, and a large group of people standing around a large rock. The man then throws a ball and hits the rock, causing it to break in half.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man walking through a field with a camera, capturing the surrounding scenery. He then walks towards a large rock and a white circle, which appears to be a target. The man then proceeds to throw a large metal ball towards the target, hitting it with precision. The video ends with the man walking away from the target, leaving the viewer to imagine what happens next.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man walking through a field with a camera, capturing the surrounding scenery. He then approaches a large rock and begins to play a game of cricket. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt walking through the field, and a man in a red shirt standing in front of a tent.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man walking through a field with a camera, capturing the surrounding scenery. He then walks towards a large rock and a tent, and later towards a large metal object. The video also shows a man standing in front of a large metal object, and a man walking through a field with a camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a man walking through a field with a camera, capturing the surrounding scenery. He then approaches a large rock and a white object, which turns out to be a large metal rod. The man then proceeds to pull the rod out of the ground, revealing a small object inside. He then pulls out a chain and proceeds to cut the grass around the area.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man walking towards a large field, followed by a shot of a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field, showing a large group of people standing around a large rock. The camera then pans around the field,"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a man walking through a field with a camera, capturing the beauty of the surrounding nature. He then proceeds to film a large group of people gathered around a large rock, with a man in a blue shirt speaking to the camera. The camera then pans around the field, showing the people and the rock.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera pans around a field, showcasing a large group of people standing around a large rock."
2. The camera then focuses on a man who is holding a rope and preparing to play a game of tug of war.
3. The man pulls the rope with all his might, and the camera captures the intense struggle between the two teams.
4. The camera then shows the man's face, revealing his determination and focus.
5. The camera then pans around the field, showing the other players and the onlookers.
6. The camera then focuses on the man again, showing his triumphant expression as he emerges victorious.
7. The camera then pans around the field, showing the other players and the onlookers.
8. The camera then focuses on the man again, showing his joy and satisfaction.
9. The camera then pans around the field, showing the other players and the onlookers.
"10. The camera then focuses on the man again, showing his happiness and pride.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a person walking through a field."
0:00:10 - The person is seen throwing a large hammer.
0:00:20 - The hammer lands on the grass.
0:00:30 - The person walks away from the hammer.
0:00:40 - The hammer is picked up by a man.
0:00:50 - The hammer is thrown again.
0:01:00 - The hammer lands on the grass.
0:01:10 - The person walks away from the hammer.
0:01:20 - The hammer is picked up by a man.
0:01:30 - The hammer is thrown again.
0:01:40 - The hammer lands on the grass.
0:01:50 - The person walks away from the hammer.
0:02:00 - The hammer is picked up by a man.
0:02:10 - The hammer is thrown again.
0:02:20 - The hammer lands on the grass.
0:02:30 - The person walks away from the hammer.
0:02:40 - The hammer is picked up by a man.
0:02:50 - The hammer is thrown again.
0:03:00 - The hammer lands on the grass.
0:03:10 - The person walks away from the hammer.
0:03:20 - The hammer is picked up by a man.
0:03:30 - The hammer is thrown again.
0:03:40 - The hammer lands on the grass.
0:03:50 - The person walks away from the hammer.
0:04:00 - The hammer is picked up by a man.
0:04:10 - The hammer is thrown again.
0:04:20 - The hammer lands on the grass.
0:04:30 - The person walks away from the hammer.
0:04:40 - The hammer is picked up by a man.
0:04:50 - The hammer is thrown again.
0:05:00 - The hammer lands on the grass.
0:05:10 - The person walks away from the hammer.
0:05:20 - The hammer is picked up by a man.
0:05:30 - The hammer is thrown again.
0:05:40 - The hammer lands on the grass.
0:05:50 - The person walks away from the hammer.
0:06:00 - The hammer is picked up by a man.
0:06:10 - The hammer is thrown again.
0:06:20 - The hammer lands on the grass.
0:06:30 - The person walks away from the hammer.
0:06:40 - The hammer is picked up by a man.
0:06:50 - The hammer is thrown again.
0:07:00 - The hammer lands on the grass.
0:07:10 - The person walks away from the hammer.
0:07:20 - The hammer is picked up by a man.
0:07:30 - The hammer is thrown again.
0:07:40 - The hammer lands on the grass.
0:07:50 - The person walks away from the hammer.
0:08:00 - The hammer is picked up by a man.
0:08:10 - The hammer is thrown again.
0:08:20 - The hammer lands on the grass.
0:08:30 - The person walks away from the hammer.
0:08:40 - The hammer is picked up by a man.
0:08:50 - The hammer is thrown again.
0:09:00 - The hammer lands on the grass.
0:09:10 - The person walks away from the hammer.
0:09:20 - The hammer is picked up by a man.
"0:09:3"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of people enjoying a waterfall and swimming in a river. They are seen standing on rocks, jumping into the water, and swimming in the river. The video captures the beauty of nature and the joy of being in the water.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of people standing on a bridge, a man jumping into the water, and a woman walking into the water. The man then swims to the shore.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a group of people enjoying a day at the river. They are seen standing on a bridge, jumping into the water, and swimming in the river. The video also shows a man sitting on a rock in the water, and another man swimming in the river. The overall atmosphere is one of relaxation and enjoyment of nature.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a group of people enjoying a waterfall and swimming in a river. The camera pans around the area, showing the waterfall and the people swimming. The video also shows a man standing on a rock in the water and a man swimming in the river.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a group of people standing on a bridge, and then they jump into the water. The video also shows a man swimming in the water, and a woman standing on a rock.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of people standing on a bridge, a man jumping into the water, and a woman walking into the water. Additionally, there are people swimming in the water, and a man is seen swimming in the water.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a group of people standing on a bridge, a man jumping into the water, and a woman walking into the water. These events are repeated throughout the video.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a group of people standing on a bridge, a man jumping into the water, and a woman walking into the water. The man then swims to the shore, and the woman walks back to the bridge.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a group of people standing on a bridge, a man jumping into the water, and a woman walking into the water. The man then swims to the edge of the water.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video captures a group of people enjoying a waterfall and swimming in a river. One man is seen standing on a rock in the water, while another man is swimming in the river. The video also shows a man standing on a rock in the water, and a man swimming in the river.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A group of people are seen standing on a bridge over a river."
2. A man jumps into the river from the bridge.
3. The man swims to the shore.
4. The man is seen swimming in the river.
5. The man is seen standing in the water.
6. The man is seen swimming in the river.
7. The man is seen standing in the water.
8. The man is seen swimming in the river.
9. The man is seen standing in the water.
"10. The man is seen swimming in the river.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A man and a woman are standing on a bridge, watching a group of people jumping into the water."
0:00:10 - The man and woman walk towards the water and jump in.
0:00:20 - The man and woman swim to the edge of the water.
0:00:30 - The man and woman stand on the rocks and watch the waterfall.
0:00:40 - The man and woman jump into the water again.
0:00:50 - The man and woman swim to the edge of the water.
0:00:60 - The man and woman stand on the rocks and watch the waterfall.
0:00:70 - The man and woman jump into the water again.
0:00:80 - The man and woman swim to the edge of the water.
0:00:90 - The man and woman stand on the rocks and watch the waterfall.
"0:01:00 - The man and woman jump into the water again.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a black crow walking on a sidewalk and a white dog chasing after it. The crow drops a white ball, and the dog picks it up and brings it back to the crow.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a crow pecking at a piece of food on the ground, a person throwing the food away, and the crow continuing to peck at it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a black crow walking around a yard, a person feeding the crow, and the crow eating the food. The video also shows a white bird sitting on a chair in the yard, and a cat sitting on the ground.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a black crow walking on a cobblestone path, a white dog sitting on a white chair, and a person holding a piece of bread. The crow is seen eating the bread, and the dog is seen eating something off the ground. The video also shows a cat sitting on a chair and a bird sitting on a fence.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a black crow walking on a cobblestone path and a white bird eating food from a man's hand. The black crow then walks away, and the white bird continues to eat from the man's hand.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a black crow walking on a sidewalk and a white dog chasing after it. The crow drops a white ball, and the dog picks it up and brings it back to the crow. The crow then eats the ball.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a black crow repeatedly pecking at a white chair, while a person throws food for the crow to eat. The crow also interacts with a dog and a cat, and is seen eating food from a bowl.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a black crow walking on a sidewalk, a white dog chasing after it, and the crow dropping a white ball. The dog picks up the ball and brings it back to the crow, who then eats it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a black crow walking on a cobblestone path, a white dog chasing the crow, and the crow dropping a white ball. The dog picks up the ball and brings it back to the crow, who then eats it.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a black crow pecking at a white chair, a person throwing food for the crow, and the crow eating the food.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The bird is seen eating something on the ground."
2. The bird is then seen eating something from a chair.
3. The bird is seen eating something from a bucket.
4. The bird is seen eating something from a bowl.
5. The bird is seen eating something from a shoe.
6. The bird is seen eating something from a toy.
7. The bird is seen eating something from a trash can.
8. The bird is seen eating something from a white chair.
9. The bird is seen eating something from a white bucket.
"10. The bird is seen eating something from a white bowl.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A crow is seen walking on a sidewalk."
0:00:10 - A person is seen feeding the crow.
0:00:20 - The crow eats the food.
0:00:30 - The crow walks away.
"0:00:40 - The person walks away.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a group of children having fun on a large inflatable slide. They slide down the slide and jump into a pool of water. The video captures the joy and excitement of the children as they enjoy the water slide.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of boys playing on a large inflatable slide in a backyard. They climb up the stairs and slide down the slide, with some of them falling off at the bottom. The video captures the fun and excitement of the boys as they play on the slide.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a group of children having fun on a large inflatable slide. They slide down the slide, and some of them fall off at the bottom. The children are seen playing in the water and sliding down the slide multiple times. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt standing in front of the slide.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a group of children having fun on a large inflatable slide in a backyard. They slide down the slide and run into each other, creating a playful and energetic atmosphere. The video also shows a man in a speedo standing in front of the slide, adding a humorous element to the scene.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a group of kids having fun on a large inflatable slide. They climb up the stairs and slide down the slide, with some of them falling off at the bottom. The kids continue to slide down the slide, with some of them falling off again. The video captures the excitement and joy of the kids as they play on the slide.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a group of kids playing on a large inflatable slide in a backyard. They slide down the slide and run into each other at the bottom. The kids are seen having fun and enjoying the slide.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a group of kids playing on a large inflatable slide in a backyard. They slide down the slide and run into each other at the bottom. The video also shows a man in a speedo standing in front of the slide.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a group of children playing on a large inflatable slide. They climb up the stairs and slide down the slide, with some of them falling off at the bottom. The children continue to play on the slide, with some of them falling off and others sliding down.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a boy standing in front of a large inflatable slide, and then it shows a group of kids playing on the slide. The camera captures the kids sliding down the slide and having fun. The video then shows a boy standing in front of the slide, and then it shows a group of kids playing on the slide again. The camera captures the kids sliding down the slide and having fun. The video ends with a boy standing in front of the slide.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video captures a group of children having fun on a large inflatable slide. They slide down the slide and jump into a pool of water. The video also shows a boy with a shirtless upper body and a tattoo on his back.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a boy standing in front of a large inflatable slide, looking excited and ready to go down."
2. The boy then runs down the slide, sliding down with great speed and excitement.
3. As he reaches the bottom, he jumps up and down, clearly thrilled with the experience.
4. The video then shows several more shots of people sliding down the inflatable slide, with varying levels of success and excitement.
"5. The video ends with a shot of a boy standing in front of the slide, looking happy and content.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A boy in a speedo walks towards a blue and yellow water slide."
0:00:10 - The boy climbs up the stairs to the top of the slide.
0:00:20 - The boy slides down the water slide and lands in the pool of water.
"0:00:30 - The boy walks out of the pool of water and walks towards the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video showcases a scuba diver exploring the underwater world, observing various coral formations and marine life. The diver is seen swimming through the water, capturing the beauty of the underwater environment.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person swimming underwater, surrounded by rocks and coral. The person is seen swimming around the rocks and coral, and the camera captures the vibrant colors of the coral. The person is also seen swimming with a fish.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a person swimming underwater, surrounded by a variety of coral and fish. The person is seen swimming around the area, observing the marine life and the coral formations. The camera captures the person's movements as they swim, providing a sense of immersion and wonder at the beauty of the underwater world. The video highlights the importance of conservation efforts to protect these ecosystems and the creatures that inhabit them.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video showcases a scuba diver exploring the underwater world, surrounded by various coral formations and marine life. The diver is seen swimming through the water, observing the coral and fish, and capturing the beauty of the underwater environment. The video also features a person swimming in the water, and a person standing on a rock in the water.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person swimming underwater, surrounded by rocks and coral. The person is seen swimming towards the camera, and the camera follows them as they continue to swim. The person is wearing a scuba suit and is holding a camera. The video captures the beauty of the underwater world and the person's exploration of it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person scuba diving in the ocean, surrounded by coral and fish. The person is seen swimming around and looking at the fish and coral. The video also shows the person swimming towards the camera and looking at it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a person swimming underwater and looking at the camera. The person also swims through a school of fish and a coral reef.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person scuba diving in the ocean, observing a large coral reef, and swimming alongside a large school of fish. The person also encounters a large clump of coral and a large rock.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a person swimming underwater, and then it shows a large rock covered in coral. The camera then pans around the rock, and the person continues to swim around the area. The video ends with the person swimming away.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a scuba diver exploring the underwater world, observing various coral formations and marine life. The diver is seen swimming through the water, capturing the beauty of the underwater environment. The video also features a person swimming in the water, and a fish swimming in the ocean.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a person swimming underwater, and then it transitions to a view of a coral reef. The camera then shows a person swimming through the water, and the video ends with the person swimming away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A person is seen swimming underwater."
0:00:10 - The person is seen swimming through a school of fish.
0:00:20 - The person is seen swimming through a large coral reef.
0:00:30 - The person is seen swimming through a large rock.
0:00:40 - The person is seen swimming through a large coral reef.
0:00:50 - The person is seen swimming through a large coral reef.
"0:01:00 - The person is seen swimming through a large coral reef.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a plane flying over a beach with people standing and sitting under an umbrella. The plane is seen from a distance, and the people on the beach are enjoying their time.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a woman sitting on a towel on the beach, a plane flying over the ocean, and a man taking a picture of the plane. The plane is seen flying over the ocean and the beach, and the woman is seen sitting on the beach.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a serene beach scene with a woman sitting under an umbrella, a plane flying over the ocean, and a man taking a picture of the beach. The woman is seen enjoying the view of the beach and the plane flying over the ocean. The man takes a picture of the beach, capturing the beauty of the surroundings. The video showcases the peaceful and picturesque atmosphere of the beach, with the plane flying over the ocean adding a sense of adventure and excitement to the scene.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a beach scene with a blue umbrella, a plane flying over the ocean, and a woman taking a picture. The plane is seen flying over the ocean and the beach, and the woman is seen taking a picture of the plane. The video also shows a plane flying over a fence and a beach with a blue umbrella.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a large jetliner flying over a beautiful blue ocean, with a person sitting under an umbrella on the beach. The plane is seen flying over the ocean, and the person under the umbrella is enjoying the view. The video captures the beauty of the ocean and the plane's flight over it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a woman sitting on a towel on the beach, a plane flying over the ocean, and a man taking a picture of the plane. The plane is seen flying over the ocean and the beach, and the woman is seen sitting on the beach.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a plane flying over the ocean, a man taking a picture of the plane, and a woman walking on the beach. These events are repeated multiple times throughout the video.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a woman sitting on a towel on the beach, a plane flying over the ocean, and a man taking a picture of the plane. The plane is seen flying over the ocean and the beach, and the woman is seen sitting on the beach.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a plane flying over the ocean, followed by a woman sitting on the beach under an umbrella. The plane then flies over the beach, and the woman is seen walking on the beach. The plane flies over the beach again, and the woman is seen walking on the beach again. The plane flies over the beach one more time, and the woman is seen walking on the beach again.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video captures a woman sitting on a towel on the beach, a plane flying over the ocean, and a man taking a picture of the plane. The plane is seen flying over the ocean and the beach, and the woman is seen enjoying the view.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a plane flying over a beach, followed by a man and a woman sitting under an umbrella. The plane then takes off and flies over the beach, and the man and woman continue to sit under the umbrella.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""00:00:00 - A plane takes off from the runway."
00:00:30 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:00:45 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:00:50 - People are seen sitting on the beach.
00:00:55 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:01:00 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:01:10 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:01:15 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:01:25 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:01:30 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:01:40 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:01:45 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:01:50 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:01:55 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:02:00 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:02:05 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:02:10 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:02:15 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:02:20 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:02:25 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:02:30 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:02:35 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:02:40 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:02:45 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:02:50 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:02:55 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:03:00 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:03:05 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:03:10 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:03:15 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:03:20 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:03:25 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:03:30 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:03:35 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:03:40 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:03:45 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:03:50 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:03:55 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:04:00 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:04:05 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:04:10 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:04:15 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:04:20 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:04:25 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:04:30 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:04:35 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:04:40 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:04:45 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:04:50 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:04:55 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:05:00 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:05:05 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:05:10 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:05:15 - The plane flies over the ocean.
00:05:20 - The plane flies over the beach.
00:05:25 - The plane flies over the ocean.
"00:05:30 - The plane flies over"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person riding a motorcycle down a winding road, passing by several people on the sidewalk. The rider then goes through a red light and continues down the road.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person riding a motorcycle down a road, passing by a crowd of people, and then stopping to talk to a man. The person then rides the motorcycle down the road again, passing by the same crowd of people.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a group of people riding bikes down a hill, with some of them falling off their bikes. The camera follows the bikers as they ride down the hill, and the video ends with the bikers continuing to ride down the hill.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a person riding a motorcycle down a street, passing by a crowd of people, and then riding down a hill. The video also shows a person riding a bike down a street with a crowd of people watching.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person riding a motorcycle down a street, passing by a crowd of people, and then continuing down the street. The video also shows a man riding a bike down a hill, passing by a crowd of people, and then continuing down the street.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person riding a motorcycle down a road, passing by a crowd of people, and then stopping to talk to a man. The rider then continues down the road, passing by more people and eventually arriving at a finish line where they are greeted by others.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person riding a motorcycle down a street, passing by a crowd of people, and then stopping to talk to a man. The same scene is shown again in slow motion.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person riding a motorcycle down a road, passing by a crowd of people, and then stopping to talk to a man. The person then rides the motorcycle down the road again, passing by the same crowd of people.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man riding a motorcycle down a street, followed by a person riding a bicycle. The camera then pans to a group of people standing on the sidewalk, and the man on the motorcycle passes by them. The camera then pans back to the man on the motorcycle, who is now riding down a hill. The video ends with the man on the motorcycle passing by a group of people standing on the sidewalk.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video captures a person riding a dirt bike down a street, passing by a crowd of people, and then continuing down the street. The rider is seen weaving in and out of the crowd, and the video ends with the rider disappearing around a corner.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A person riding a motorcycle down a street."
2. The motorcycle rider passing by a crowd of people.
3. The motorcycle rider riding down a hill.
4. The motorcycle rider passing by a red car.
5. The motorcycle rider riding down a narrow path.
6. The motorcycle rider passing by a person on a skateboard.
7. The motorcycle rider riding down a street with a crowd of people.
8. The motorcycle rider riding down a street with a red car.
9. The motorcycle rider riding down a street with a crowd of people.
"10. The motorcycle rider riding down a street with a red car.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A person is seen riding a motorcycle down a street."
0:00:10 - The motorcycle rider passes by a crowd of people.
0:00:20 - The rider continues down the street, passing by more people.
0:00:30 - The rider reaches the end of the street and turns around.
0:00:40 - The rider passes by the same crowd of people again.
0:00:50 - The rider reaches the end of the street again and turns around.
"0:01:00 - The rider passes by the same crowd of people for the third time.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man standing on a track, and a group of people running down the track and jumping into a pit.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man standing on a track, followed by a group of people running down the track and jumping into a pit. The video also includes a slow-motion replay of the jump.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a man standing on a track, followed by a group of people running down the track and jumping into a pit. The video also shows a man standing on the track, and a group of people running down the track and jumping into a pit.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a man standing on a track, followed by a group of people running down the track and jumping into a pit. The video also shows a man standing on a track with a group of people running down the track and jumping into a pit.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man standing on a track, and a group of people running down the track and jumping into a pit. The man is seen walking around the track, and the group of people is seen running down the track and jumping into a pit.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man standing on a track, followed by a group of people running down the track and jumping into a pit. The man then walks away from the pit.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man standing on a track, and a group of people running down the track and jumping into a pit. The man is seen standing on the track multiple times, and the group of people is seen running down the track and jumping into the pit multiple times.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a man standing on a track, and a group of people running down the track and jumping into a pit. The man then walks away from the pit.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a man standing on a track, followed by a group of people running down the track and jumping into a pit. The video also shows a man standing on the track, and a group of people running down the track and jumping into a pit.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a man standing on a track, followed by a group of people running down the track and jumping into a pit. The man then walks away from the pit.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A man stands on a track, and a group of people run down the track and jump into a pit."
2. The man claps his hands, and the group runs down the track again.
"3. The man claps his hands again, and the group runs down the track for the third time.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A man stands on a track, and a group of people run down the track."
0:00:10 - The man claps his hands.
0:00:20 - The group of people run down the track again.
0:00:30 - The man claps his hands again.
0:00:40 - The group of people run down the track again.
0:00:50 - The man claps his hands again.
0:00:60 - The group of people run down the track again.
0:00:70 - The man claps his hands again.
"0:00:80 - The group of people run down the track again.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man sailing on a blue surfboard in the ocean, with the wind blowing his hair and the sail. He is seen leaning to the side and moving the sail to turn the board. The video captures the beauty of the ocean and the thrill of sailing.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man riding a board with a sail in the ocean, and he is seen riding the board in different positions. The man is also seen riding the board in the ocean with a blue sky in the background.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a man sailing on a blue surfboard in the ocean, with the wind blowing his hair and the sail. The camera captures the man's movements as he navigates the waves, and the sail moves in the wind. The video also shows the man's determination and skill as he maneuvers the surfboard through the water.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a man sailing on a blue surfboard in the ocean, with the wind blowing his hair and the sail. The camera captures the man's movements as he sails through the water, and the video ends with the man continuing to sail.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man riding a board with a sail in the ocean, and he is seen riding the board in different directions. The man is also seen riding the board in the ocean with a blue sky in the background.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man riding a sailboat in the ocean, with the camera capturing his movements. He is seen leaning back and forth as he rides the boat, and the camera captures his movements from different angles. The video also shows the man riding the boat in the ocean, with the camera capturing his movements from different angles.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man riding a sailboat in the ocean, and he is seen riding the boat in different positions and angles. The video also shows the man riding the boat in the ocean with the wind blowing his hair.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a man riding a board with a sail in the ocean, navigating through the waves. He is seen leaning to the side and moving the sail to control the direction of the board. The video captures the man's movements as he rides the board, showcasing his skill and control over the sail.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a man riding a board with a sail in the ocean. He is seen riding the board in the water, and the camera captures him from different angles. The video also shows the man riding the board in the water at different times of the day.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video captures a man riding a board with a sail in the ocean, navigating through the waves. He is seen leaning back and forth while riding the board, and the camera captures his movements from different angles. The video also shows the man riding the board in the ocean, with the camera capturing his movements from different angles.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man is seen riding a board with a sail in the ocean."
2. He tilts the sail to the left and right, causing the board to move.
"3. The man continues to ride the board in the ocean.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a man riding a sailboat in the ocean."
0:00:10 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:00:20 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:00:30 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:00:40 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:00:50 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:01:00 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:01:10 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:01:20 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:01:30 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:01:40 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:01:50 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:02:00 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:02:10 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:02:20 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:02:30 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:02:40 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:02:50 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:03:00 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:03:10 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:03:20 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:03:30 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:03:40 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:03:50 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:04:00 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:04:10 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:04:20 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:04:30 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:04:40 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:04:50 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:05:00 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:05:10 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:05:20 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:05:30 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:05:40 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:05:50 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:06:00 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:06:10 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:06:20 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:06:30 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:06:40 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:06:50 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:07:00 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
0:07:10 - The man is seen riding the sailboat in the ocean.
"0:07:20 - The"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man standing in front of a whiteboard, pointing to different shapes and writing on it. He then proceeds to explain the concepts to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a man standing in front of a whiteboard and pointing to a square. He then proceeds to draw a square and a circle on the board. After that, he draws a line connecting the square to the circle. Finally, he draws another square inside the circle.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a man standing in front of a whiteboard, pointing to different shapes and diagrams. He then proceeds to explain the concepts behind the shapes and diagrams. The video is a visual representation of the man's explanation of the concepts.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video showcases a man standing in front of a whiteboard, drawing a square and a circle, and then writing the word """"math"""" on the board. He then proceeds to draw a square inside a larger square and a circle inside the square. The video highlights the importance of math in various spatio-temporal contexts.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The man in the video is seen standing in front of a whiteboard and pointing to different shapes and numbers. He then proceeds to draw a square and a circle on the board. The video seems to be focused on mathematical concepts and shapes.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a man standing in front of a whiteboard and pointing to different shapes and numbers. He then proceeds to draw a square and a circle on the board.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The man in the video is seen standing in front of a whiteboard and pointing to different shapes and diagrams. He also points to a square and a triangle on the board.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a man standing in front of a whiteboard, pointing to different shapes and writing on it. He then proceeds to draw a square and a circle on the board.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man standing in front of a whiteboard and pointing to a square with a line in the middle. He then proceeds to draw a square and a line on the board. After that, he draws a smaller square inside the larger square and a line connecting the two squares. Finally, he draws a smaller square inside the smaller square and a line connecting the two squares.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man standing in front of a whiteboard, drawing a square and a circle with a compass. He then proceeds to draw a line connecting the center of the circle to the corners of the square, and another line connecting the midpoints of the sides of the square to the center of the circle. The video ends with the man pointing to the board.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",The man in the video is seen standing in front of a whiteboard and pointing to different shapes and diagrams. He then proceeds to explain the concepts behind the shapes and diagrams.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The man begins talking to the camera."
0:00:30 - The man draws a square on the whiteboard.
0:00:45 - The man draws a line in the square.
0:01:00 - The man draws another line in the square.
0:01:15 - The man draws a third line in the square.
0:01:30 - The man draws a fourth line in the square.
0:01:45 - The man draws a fifth line in the square.
0:02:00 - The man draws a sixth line in the square.
0:02:15 - The man draws a seventh line in the square.
0:02:30 - The man draws an eighth line in the square.
0:02:45 - The man draws a ninth line in the square.
0:03:00 - The man draws a tenth line in the square.
0:03:15 - The man draws an eleventh line in the square.
0:03:30 - The man draws a twelfth line in the square.
0:03:45 - The man draws a thirteenth line in the square.
0:04:00 - The man draws a fourteenth line in the square.
0:04:15 - The man draws a fifteenth line in the square.
0:04:30 - The man draws a sixteenth line in the square.
0:04:45 - The man draws a seventeenth line in the square.
0:05:00 - The man draws an eighteenth line in the square.
0:05:15 - The man draws a nineteenth line in the square.
0:05:30 - The man draws a twentieth line in the square.
0:05:45 - The man draws a twenty-first line in the square.
0:06:00 - The man draws a twenty-second line in the square.
0:06:15 - The man draws a twenty-third line in the square.
0:06:30 - The man draws a twenty-fourth line in the square.
0:06:45 - The man draws a twenty-fifth line in the square.
0:07:00 - The man draws a twenty-sixth line in the square.
0:07:15 - The man draws a twenty-seventh line in the square.
0:07:30 - The man draws a twenty-eighth line in the square.
0:07:45 - The man draws a twenty-ninth line in the square.
0:08:00 - The man draws a thirtieth line in the square.
0:08:15 - The man draws a thirty-first line in the square.
0:08:30 - The man draws a thirty-second line in the square.
0:08:45 - The man draws a thirty-third line in the square.
0:09:00 - The man draws a thirty-fourth line in the square.
0:09:15 - The man draws a thirty-fifth line in the square.
0:09:30 - The man draws a thirty-sixth line in the square.
0:09:45 - The man draws a thirty-seventh line in the square.
0:10:00 - The man draws a thirty-eighth line in the square.
0:10:15 - The man draws a thirty-ninth line in the square.
0:10:30 - The man draws a fortieth line in the square.
0:10:45 - The man draws a forty-first line in the square.
0:11:00 - The man draws a forty-second line in the square.
0:11:15 - The man draws a forty-third line in the square.
0:11:30 - The man draws a forty-fourth line in the square.
0:11:45 - The man draws a forty-fifth line in the square.
"0"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a person folding a piece of paper in half and then in half again.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person cutting a piece of paper with scissors, folding it, and then cutting it again. The person then proceeds to fold the paper again and cuts it once more.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a person's hands holding a piece of paper and folding it in half. The person then proceeds to fold the paper again and again, creating a small square. The person continues to fold the paper, and the camera zooms in on the hands as they work. The video captures the intricate movements of the hands as they fold the paper, creating a visually appealing and satisfying process. The focus is on the hands and the paper, with no other objects or people visible in the frame. The video provides a close-up view of the hands and the paper, allowing the viewer to appreciate the skill and precision involved in the process of folding the paper. Overall, the video is a simple yet captivating display of the beauty of everyday actions.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person's hands holding a piece of paper and folding it in half. The person then proceeds to fold the paper again and again, creating a small square. The video captures the process of folding the paper and the final result of a small square.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person cutting a piece of paper with scissors, folding it, and then cutting it again. The person then proceeds to cut the paper into smaller pieces and continues cutting it into smaller pieces. The video ends with the person holding a piece of paper in their hand.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person holding a piece of paper and folding it in half. They then proceed to fold the paper again and again, creating a small square. The person continues to fold the paper, and the camera captures the process from different angles.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person cutting a piece of paper with scissors, folding it, and then cutting it again. These actions are repeated multiple times throughout the video.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a person folding a piece of paper in half and then in half again. The person then proceeds to fold the paper in half one more time.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a person cutting a piece of paper with scissors, folding it, and then cutting it again. The person then proceeds to fold the paper again and cuts it once more. The video ends with the person holding the paper in their hands.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a person cutting a piece of paper with scissors, folding it, and then cutting it again. The person then proceeds to cut the paper into smaller pieces and folds them.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The person picks up a piece of paper and places it on the table."
2. They fold the paper in half and then in half again.
3. The person then picks up a pen and writes on the paper.
4. They fold the paper again and then unfold it.
"5. The person picks up the paper and places it on the table.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a person's hands holding a piece of paper."
0:00:10 - The person folds the paper in half.
0:00:20 - The person folds the paper again.
0:00:30 - The person folds the paper in half one more time.
0:00:40 - The person unfolds the paper.
0:00:50 - The person folds the paper in half again.
0:00:60 - The person unfolds the paper.
0:00:70 - The person folds the paper in half one more time.
"0:00:80 - The person unfolds the paper.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a character wearing a crown and a green shirt talking on a red phone. The character is seen holding a red bucket and a red fire hydrant. The video ends with the character hanging up the phone.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a person wearing a green shirt and a gold crown talking on a red phone. The person is seen holding the phone in their hand and talking to someone. The video also shows a close-up of the person's face and the phone.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,The video shows a green character wearing a gold helmet and a green shirt talking on a red phone. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is also seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy car and a red and white toy fire hydrant. The character is seen holding a red and white toy,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a green character wearing a gold helmet and a green shirt talking on a red phone. The character is seen in different settings, including a room with a red fire hydrant, a room with a red and yellow fire hydrant, and a room with a red fire hydrant and a red and yellow fire hydrant. The character is also seen in a room with a red fire hydrant and a red and yellow fire hydrant, and in a room with a red fire hydrant and a red and yellow fire hydrant.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a person talking on a red phone while holding a red bucket. The person then hangs up the phone and starts talking to someone else. The video ends with the person holding the red bucket and talking to someone else.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a character wearing a green shirt and a gold crown talking on a red phone. The character is seen holding a red bucket and a red fire hydrant. The character is also seen talking on a green phone and a red phone. The character is seen holding a red bucket and a red fire hydrant. The character is also seen talking on a green phone and a red phone.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person talking on a phone, and the person on the other end of the line is laughing. The person on the phone is also laughing.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a character wearing a green shirt and a gold crown talking on a red phone. The character is seen holding the phone to his ear and talking. The video also shows a red fire hydrant and a red and yellow toy car.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a close-up shot of a green character wearing a gold crown and a green shirt. The character is seen talking on a red phone. The camera then pans out to show the character sitting behind a table with a red bucket and a yellow bucket. The character is seen talking on the phone again, and the camera zooms in on the character's face. The character is then seen talking on the phone again, and the camera zooms out to show the character sitting behind the table. The video ends with the character talking on the phone one last time.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video features a character wearing a crown and green shirt who is seen talking on a red phone. The character is also seen holding a red umbrella and a red ball. The video ends with the character hanging up the phone.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a close-up shot of a character on a phone."
2. The character is seen talking on the phone while holding a red phone.
3. The character is shown talking on the phone while holding a red phone.
4. The character is seen talking on the phone while holding a red phone.
5. The character is shown talking on the phone while holding a red phone.
6. The character is seen talking on the phone while holding a red phone.
7. The character is shown talking on the phone while holding a red phone.
8. The character is seen talking on the phone while holding a red phone.
9. The character is shown talking on the phone while holding a red phone.
"10. The video ends with the character hanging up the phone.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a close-up shot of a character."
0:00:10 - The character is seen talking on a red phone.
0:00:20 - The character is shown talking on a green phone.
0:00:30 - The character is seen talking on a red phone again.
0:00:40 - The character is shown talking on a green phone again.
0:00:50 - The character is seen talking on a red phone for the last time.
"0:01:00 - The video ends with a close-up shot of the character.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a girl riding a horse in a field, and the horse runs fast and bucks. The girl is thrown off the horse, and the horse runs away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a girl riding a horse in a field, galloping at a fast pace, and then slowing down to a walk. The video also includes a scene of a horse running in a field with a fence in the background.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a girl riding a horse in a field, with the horse running and jumping over obstacles. The girl is seen riding the horse in different locations, including a field and a dirt road. The video also shows the horse running in a field with a fence and a dirt road.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a girl riding a horse in a field, with the horse running fast and the girl holding on tightly. The video also shows the girl riding the horse in a corral, with the horse running around in circles. The video ends with the girl riding the horse in a field, with the horse running fast and the girl holding on tightly.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a girl riding a horse in a field, and the horse is seen running and jumping over obstacles. The girl is also seen riding the horse in a dirt field and a fenced area.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a girl riding a horse in a field, galloping at a fast pace, and then stopping. The horse is seen running in a field with a fence, and the girl is also seen riding the horse in a field with a fence.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a girl riding a horse in a field, and the horse is seen running and jumping over obstacles. The girl is also seen riding the horse in a field with a fence.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a girl riding a horse in a field, galloping at a fast pace, and then jumping off the horse.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a girl riding a horse in a field, galloping at a fast pace, and then slowing down to a walk. The video also shows the girl riding the horse in a fenced area, and the horse running in a field with a fence. The video ends with the girl riding the horse in a field with a fence.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a young girl riding a horse in a field, galloping at a fast pace, and then slowing down to a walk. The video also features a man riding a horse in the same field, and the girl is seen riding the horse alone in the same field.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a girl riding a horse in a field, and then she is seen running the horse. The horse then runs through a fence and into a field. The girl is then seen riding the horse in a field with a fence.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a girl riding a horse in a field."
0:00:10 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:00:20 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:00:30 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:00:40 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:00:50 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:01:00 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:01:10 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:01:20 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:01:30 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:01:40 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:01:50 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:02:00 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:02:10 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:02:20 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:02:30 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:02:40 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:02:50 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:03:00 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:03:10 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:03:20 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:03:30 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:03:40 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:03:50 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:04:00 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:04:10 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:04:20 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:04:30 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:04:40 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:04:50 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:05:00 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:05:10 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:05:20 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:05:30 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:05:40 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:05:50 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:06:00 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:06:10 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:06:20 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:06:30 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:06:40 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:06:50 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:07:00 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:07:10 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:07:20 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:07:30 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:07:40 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
0:07:50 - The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
"0:08:00 - The girl is seen r"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man playing a guitar on a bed. He is wearing a black shirt and white pants and is seen playing the guitar in different positions. The video ends with the man finishing playing the guitar.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man playing the guitar in different positions and locations, including sitting on a bed, a couch, and a chair. He is seen playing the guitar in various rooms and positions, including sitting on a bed and a couch. The video also shows the man playing the guitar in different positions, including sitting on a bed and a couch.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a man playing the guitar in different locations, including a bedroom and a room with a rug. The man is seen playing the guitar in various positions, including sitting on a bed and a couch. The video also shows the man playing the guitar in different rooms, including a room with a rug and a room with a bed.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a man playing the guitar in various settings, including a bedroom and a room with a rug. The man is seen playing the guitar in different positions, including sitting on a bed and a chair. The video also shows the man playing the guitar in different lighting conditions, including in the dark and in a well-lit room.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The man in the video is playing the guitar and singing while sitting on a bed. He is wearing a black shirt and white pants and is positioned in front of a white sheet. The video ends with the man finishing his performance and looking off into the distance.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a man playing a guitar on a bed. He strums the guitar and moves his fingers up and down the neck of the guitar. The man continues to play the guitar while looking off into the distance.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man playing the guitar in different positions and locations, including on a bed, a couch, and a chair. He is also seen playing the guitar in front of a mirror and in a room with a rug. The video captures the man's passion for playing the guitar and his ability to play in various settings.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a man playing a guitar on a bed. He starts by playing the guitar with his left hand and then switches to his right hand. He continues playing the guitar while looking off into the distance.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,The video shows a man playing the guitar on a bed. He starts playing the guitar and continues to play it while looking down at the guitar. The video ends with the man still playing the guitar.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a man playing the guitar on a bed, with a focus on his hand movements and the guitar's position. The man's facial expressions and body language are also highlighted, emphasizing his passion for playing the instrument.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",The video begins with a man sitting on a bed and playing an acoustic guitar. He strums the guitar with his right hand while using his left hand to press the strings. The man continues to play the guitar for a while before stopping and looking up.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00 - The man starts playing the guitar."
0:15 - He stops playing and looks up.
0:25 - He starts playing again.
0:45 - He stops playing and looks up.
0:55 - He starts playing again.
"1:00 - He stops playing and looks up.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a bed with a camouflage print and a white sheet, and a person is seen walking in front of the bed.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person walking into a bedroom and turning on the light. The camera then pans around the room, showing a bed with a camouflage blanket and a tag on it. The person then walks out of the room.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a bed with a camouflage pattern and a white sheet, a white tag on the bed, and a white vent on the wall. The camera pans around the bed, and the video ends with the camera panning back to the bed.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a bed in a bedroom with a camouflage patterned bedspread and pillows. The camera pans around the bed, and a person is seen walking in the room. The video also shows a person sitting on the bed and a person standing in front of the bed.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a bed with a camouflage pattern and a white sheet, and a person is seen walking into the frame. The person then walks out of the frame, and the camera pans around the bed.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person walking into a bedroom and turning on the light. The camera then pans around the room, showing a bed with a camouflage blanket and a tag on it. The person then walks out of the room.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person walking into a bedroom and opening the window. The camera then pans around the room, showing the bed and the person's movements.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person walking into a bedroom and opening the window. The camera then pans around the room, showing the bed, the window, and the door. The person then walks out of the room.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a close-up shot of a bed, and then a person enters the frame and starts moving around the bed. The camera then pans around the room, and the person continues to move around the bed. The video ends with the person leaving the frame.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a person walking into a bedroom and turning on the light. The camera then pans around the room, showing a bed with a camouflage blanket and a tag on it. The person then walks out of the room.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera pans around a bed, showing the bedspread and pillows."
2. The camera zooms in on the bedspread, showing the pattern and texture.
3. The camera pans around the bed again, showing the entire frame.
4. The camera zooms in on the pillows, showing their texture and color.
5. The camera pans around the bed again, showing the entire frame.
6. The camera zooms in on the bedspread, showing the pattern and texture.
"7. The camera pans around the bed again, showing the entire frame.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a close-up shot of a bed."
0:00:10 - The camera pans around the bed, showing the entirety of the bed.
0:00:20 - The camera zooms in on the bed, focusing on the details of the bedding.
0:00:30 - The camera pans around the bed again, showing the entirety of the bed.
0:00:40 - The camera zooms in on the bed, focusing on the details of the bedding.
0:00:50 - The camera pans around the bed again, showing the entirety of the bed.
0:00:60 - The camera zooms in on the bed, focusing on the details of the bedding.
0:00:70 - The camera pans around the bed again, showing the entirety of the bed.
0:00:80 - The camera zooms in on the bed, focusing on the details of the bedding.
"0:01:00 - The video ends with a close-up shot of the bed.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man preparing a dish by mixing ingredients in a bowl and then pouring the mixture into a pan.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a man preparing a dish by mixing ingredients in a bowl and then pouring the mixture into a pan. He then places the pan in the oven and waits for it to cook.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a man preparing a dish in a kitchen. He starts by mixing ingredients in a bowl and then pours the mixture into a pan. He then places the pan in the oven and waits for it to cook. Once the dish is ready, he takes it out of the oven and serves it on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a man preparing a dish in a kitchen. He is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl, adding more ingredients, and stirring them together. The video also shows the man holding a bowl of food and a bowl of cereal.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man preparing a dish by mixing ingredients in a bowl. He adds flour to the mixture and mixes it well. The man then adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them together. Finally, he pours the mixture into a pan and puts it in the oven.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person mixing ingredients in a bowl, adding more ingredients, and stirring the mixture. The person then pours the mixture into a pan and puts it in the oven.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man using a sponge to clean a bowl and a counter, and then using a towel to dry the counter. The man also pours milk into the bowl and mixes it with other ingredients.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a man in a kitchen preparing a dish. He starts by pouring ingredients into a bowl, mixing them together, and then pouring the mixture onto a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man holding a box of cornstarch and pouring it into a bowl. He then adds milk and stirs the mixture. After that, he adds a can of condensed milk and continues stirring. Finally, he adds a pinch of salt and mixes everything together.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a man preparing a dish by mixing ingredients in a bowl and pouring the mixture into a pan. He then places the pan on a stove and cooks the dish.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a man holding a box of baking powder and pouring it into a bowl. He then adds cornstarch and sugar to the bowl and mixes them together. The man then pours milk into the bowl and mixes it in. Finally, he adds a pinch of salt and mixes everything together.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl."
0:00:30 - The person adds more ingredients to the bowl.
0:00:50 - The person mixes the ingredients together.
0:01:10 - The person pours the mixture into a pan.
0:01:30 - The person puts the pan in the oven.
"0:02:00 - The person takes the pan out of the oven.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a white dog lying on the floor, moving its legs and belly while looking at the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a dog lying on the floor, moving its legs, and then getting up and walking away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a dog lying on the floor of a room, moving its legs and head, and then lying down again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a dog lying on the floor of a room, with a person's feet visible in the background. The dog is seen moving its head and legs, and the camera captures the dog's movements from different angles.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a dog lying on the floor, moving its legs, and then getting up and walking away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a white dog lying on the floor, moving its legs, and then lying down again. The dog is seen in different positions, including on its back and on its side. The video also shows the dog's belly and underside.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a dog lying on the floor, moving its legs, and then lying down again. The dog is also seen lying on the floor with its eyes open and then with its eyes closed.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a dog lying on the floor, moving its legs, and then getting up to walk away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a dog lying on the floor, moving its legs, and then getting up to walk away. The exact time range of these events is not provided in the video.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a dog lying on the floor, moving its legs, and then lying down again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The dog is seen lying on the floor."
2. The dog begins to move its legs.
3. The dog rolls over onto its back.
"4. The dog lays back down on the floor.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a close-up shot of a dog lying on the floor."
0:00:10 - The dog begins to move its legs and eventually sits up.
0:00:20 - The dog lays back down on the floor.
0:00:30 - The dog sits up again and lays back down.
"0:00:40 - The dog sits up one last time before the video ends.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a white cat sitting on a bed and using its tongue to play with a laser pointer. The cat continues to chase the laser pointer around the room.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a white cat sitting on a bed and using its tongue to lick a laser pointer. The cat continues to chase the laser pointer around the room, and the camera captures its movements.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,The video shows a white cat sitting on a wooden table and looking at the camera. The cat then begins to play with a toothbrush and continues to do so while looking at the camera.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a white cat in various settings, including a bed, a window, and a room. The cat is seen sitting on a bed, standing on a window sill, and standing on a bed in a room. The cat is also seen standing on a bed in a room with a window.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a white cat sitting on a wooden table and using its tongue to lick a holder. The cat then stops and looks at the camera.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a white cat with a pink nose standing on a wooden table and using its tongue to lick a holder. The cat then turns around and continues licking the holder.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a white cat repeatedly licking a laser pointer. The cat is seen in different positions, including sitting on a bed, standing on a table, and sitting on a chair. The cat is also seen looking at the camera and the laser pointer.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a white cat sitting on a wooden table and using its tongue to lick a holder. The cat then moves its head to the side and continues to lick the holder.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,The video shows a cat sitting on a bed and then standing up to walk away. The cat then sits on the bed again and begins to lick its paw. The cat then walks away again and sits on the bed one more time before walking away for the final time.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a white cat sitting on a bed and using its tongue to lick a laser pointer. The cat continues to chase the laser pointer around the room, displaying its playful and curious nature.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The cat is seen sitting on a bed and looking at the camera."
2. The cat then begins to lick a holder.
3. The cat continues to lick the holder while looking at the camera.
"4. The cat then stops and looks at the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a white cat sitting on a wooden table."
0:00:10 - The cat begins to play with a toothbrush.
0:00:20 - The cat stops playing with the toothbrush and begins to play with a laser pointer.
0:00:30 - The cat continues to play with the laser pointer.
0:00:40 - The cat stops playing with the laser pointer and begins to play with a toy.
0:00:50 - The cat stops playing with the toy and begins to play with a toothbrush again.
"0:01:00 - The video ends.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man holding a camera and a tripod in a field. He talks to the camera and then walks away.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a man holding a camera and a tripod, and then he starts talking. He then proceeds to showcase the camera and tripod, and then he starts to walk around while holding the equipment.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a man holding a camera and a tripod in a field. He is seen talking to the camera and holding the equipment. The man then proceeds to set up the camera and tripod in the field. He is seen adjusting the camera and the tripod, and then he starts filming. The man continues to film while holding the camera and the tripod. The video captures the man's actions of setting up and filming in the field.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a man holding a camera and a tripod in a field, and he is seen walking around while holding the equipment. The video also shows a man holding a camera in a field and a man holding a camera in a field with a backpack.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The man in the video is holding a camera and a tripod while standing in a field. He then proceeds to showcase the camera and tripod to the viewers.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a man holding a camera and a tripod in a field. He then proceeds to hold up the camera and tripod while talking to the camera.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The man in the video is seen holding a camera and a tripod in different locations, including a field and a forest. He also holds a pair of scissors and a bag of sand in some shots.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a man holding a camera and a tripod in a field. He then proceeds to hold up the camera and tripod while talking to the camera.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,The man in the video is seen holding a camera and a tripod while standing in a field. He then proceeds to hold up the camera and tripod while talking to the camera. The video ends with the man still holding the camera and tripod.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man holding a camera and a tripod in a field, showcasing his equipment and discussing its features. He also demonstrates how to use the camera and tripod, providing tips and insights for viewers interested in photography or videography.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",The man in the video is seen holding a camera and a tripod while standing in a field. He then proceeds to demonstrate how to use the tripod by holding it up and talking to the camera.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A man is seen holding a camera and a tripod in a field."
0:00:10 - The man talks to the camera.
0:00:20 - The man holds up the camera and tripod.
0:00:30 - The man continues to talk to the camera.
0:00:40 - The man holds up the camera and tripod again.
0:00:50 - The man continues to talk to the camera.
0:01:00 - The man holds up the camera and tripod again.
"0:01:10 - The man continues to talk to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of drummers dressed in purple uniforms playing their drums in a field. They are accompanied by a man in a white shirt and black trousers who is playing an accordion. The drummers are seen playing their drums in different locations, including a field and a forest.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a group of drummers dressed in purple uniforms playing their drums in a field. They are accompanied by a man in a white shirt and black pants who is playing an accordion. The drummers continue to play their instruments while the man in the white shirt and black pants walks in and out of the frame.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a group of drummers dressed in purple uniforms playing their drums in a field. The drummers are seen playing their drums in unison, and the camera captures their movements as they play. The video also shows the drummers playing their drums in a park, and the camera captures their movements as they play. The drummers are seen playing their drums in a field, and the camera captures their movements as they play. The video also shows the drummers playing their drums in a park, and the camera captures their movements as they play.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video showcases a group of drummers dressed in purple uniforms playing their drums in various locations, including a field and a forest. The drummers are seen playing their drums in different positions, including standing and sitting. The video also features a man in a white shirt and black pants walking in the field.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a group of people dressed in purple uniforms playing drums in a field. They are seen playing the drums in different locations, including a field and a forest. The video also shows a man in a purple shirt standing in front of a crowd.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of drummers dressed in purple uniforms playing their drums in a field. They are accompanied by a man in a white shirt and black trousers who is playing an accordion. The drummers are seen playing their drums in unison, and the accordion player is also playing in sync with the drummers. The video captures the rhythmic beats of the drums and the accordion, creating a lively and energetic atmosphere.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows the group of drummers playing their instruments in various locations, including a field and a forest. They are dressed in matching uniforms and are seen playing their drums in unison. The video also shows the group playing in different positions, including standing and sitting.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a group of drummers dressed in purple uniforms playing their drums in a field. They are accompanied by a man in a white shirt and black trousers who is playing an accordion. The drummers are seen playing their drums in unison, and the accordion player is also playing in sync with the drummers. The video ends with the drummers walking away from the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a group of people dressed in purple uniforms playing drums in a field. They continue playing the drums while marching in place. The camera then pans to the right, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the right again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the right again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the right again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the right again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the right again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the right again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the right again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the right again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the right again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the right again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the right again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the right again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the right again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the right again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the right again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the right again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the right again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the right again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the right again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from a different angle. The camera then pans to the left again, and the group of people playing the drums is shown from"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a group of drummers dressed in purple uniforms playing their drums in a field. They are accompanied by a man in a white shirt and black trousers who is playing an accordion. The drummers are seen playing their drums in unison, and the accordion player is also playing in sync with the drummers. The video ends with the drummers walking away from the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a group of drummers dressed in purple uniforms playing their drums in a field. The camera then pans to the left, revealing a man in a white shirt and black pants walking in the grass. The drummers continue playing their instruments, and the camera pans to the right, revealing a man in a white shirt and black pants walking in the grass. The drummers then stop playing and turn to face the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a group of drummers dressed in purple uniforms and white hats, playing their drums in a field."
0:00:30 - The drummers continue playing their instruments, and the camera captures their movements.
0:01:00 - The drummers stop playing and stand still, looking off into the distance.
"0:01:30 - The drummers begin to march away from the camera, still in formation.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a car driving down a long road with trees on both sides. The car passes another car and continues driving down the road.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person riding a bike down a long, winding road surrounded by trees. The person passes another person on a bike and continues riding down the road.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a person riding a bike down a long road, passing by a car and a truck. The camera then pans to the right, showing the road ahead. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the left, showing the road behind. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the right, showing the road ahead. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the left, showing the road behind. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the right, showing the road ahead. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the left, showing the road behind. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the right, showing the road ahead. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the left, showing the road behind. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the right, showing the road ahead. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the left, showing the road behind. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the right, showing the road ahead. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the left, showing the road behind. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the right, showing the road ahead. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the left, showing the road behind. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the right, showing the road ahead. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the left, showing the road behind. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the right, showing the road ahead. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the left, showing the road behind. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the right, showing the road ahead. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the left, showing the road behind. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the right, showing the road ahead. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the left, showing the road behind. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the right, showing the road ahead. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the left, showing the road behind. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the right, showing the road ahead. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the left, showing the road behind. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the right, showing the road ahead. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the left, showing the road behind. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the right, showing the road ahead. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the left, showing the road behind. The person continues riding down the road, passing by a car and a truck again. The camera then pans to the right,"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a car driving down a long, winding road surrounded by trees and bushes. The camera follows the car as it moves along the road, and the video ends with the car disappearing around a bend.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a car driving down a road with trees on both sides, passing another car. The car then turns around and drives back in the opposite direction.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person riding a bike down a long, winding road surrounded by trees. The camera captures the person's movements as they ride down the road, and the video ends with the person riding off into the distance.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a car driving down a long road, passing by a motorcycle, and then driving down the road again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person riding a bike down a long, winding road surrounded by trees. The camera captures the person's movements as they ride down the road, and the video ends with the person riding off into the distance.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a car driving down a road with trees on both sides, passing another car, and then stopping at a red light. The car then continues driving down the road.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a person riding a bike down a long, winding road, passing by several cars and trees. The camera captures the person's movements as they continue to ride down the road.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a car driving down a road, followed by a motorcycle. The camera then pans to the right, revealing a person riding a bicycle. The camera then pans back to the left, showing the car and motorcycle again. The video ends with the car driving away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A car drives down a road with trees on either side."
0:00:10 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:00:20 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:00:30 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:00:40 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:00:50 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:01:00 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:01:10 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:01:20 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:01:30 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:01:40 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:01:50 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:02:00 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:02:10 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:02:20 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:02:30 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:02:40 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:02:50 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:03:00 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:03:10 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:03:20 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:03:30 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:03:40 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:03:50 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:04:00 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:04:10 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:04:20 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:04:30 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:04:40 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:04:50 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:05:00 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:05:10 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:05:20 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:05:30 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:05:40 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:05:50 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:06:00 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:06:10 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:06:20 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:06:30 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:06:40 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
0:06:50 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle and a red line.
"0:07:00 - The car passes a red sign with a white circle"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man pouring tomato paste into a pot on the stove, stirring it, and adding more paste. He then stirs the pot again and pours it into a jar.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a person pouring tomato sauce into a pot on the stove. Then, the person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them. Finally, the person tastes the sauce and adds more ingredients to it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a man pouring tomato paste into a pot on a stove, stirring it with a wooden spoon, and adding more paste to the pot. The man then stirs the pot again and pours it into a jar.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a man cooking in a kitchen, adding ingredients to a pot on the stove, stirring the contents, and pouring the mixture into a jar. The main focus is on the cooking process and the use of a spoon to stir the contents of the pot.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person pouring tomato sauce into a pot on the stove, stirring it, and then pouring it into a blender. The person then pours the blended sauce back into the pot and stirs it again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man pouring tomato paste into a pot on the stove, stirring it with a wooden spoon, and adding more paste to the pot. He then stirs the pot again and pours it into a jar.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man pouring red liquid into a pot, stirring it with a wooden spoon, and then pouring the contents of the pot into a jar.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person pouring tomato sauce into a pot on the stove, stirring it with a wooden spoon, and adding more sauce to the pot. The person then stirs the pot again and adds more sauce.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a person pouring tomato sauce into a pot on the stove. Then, the person adds meat to the pot and stirs it. After that, the person adds more sauce to the pot and stirs it again. Finally, the person turns off the stove and lets the mixture simmer for a while.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a person pouring tomato sauce into a pot on the stove, stirring it, and then pouring it into a blender. The person then pours the blended sauce back into the pot and stirs it again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a man pouring tomato sauce into a pot on the stove. He then adds meat to the pot and stirs it. The man continues to stir the pot while the meat cooks. Finally, he adds more sauce to the pot and stirs it again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A man pours red sauce into a pot on the stove."
0:00:10 - He adds more sauce to the pot.
0:00:20 - He stirs the pot with a wooden spoon.
0:00:30 - He pours the sauce into a jar.
0:00:40 - He puts the lid on the jar.
0:00:50 - He puts the jar on the stove.
0:00:60 - He takes the jar off the stove.
"0:00:70 - He puts the jar on the counter.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video features an elderly woman wearing a red shirt and glasses who is seen talking to the camera. She is seen holding a bottle of mouthwash and taking a sip before spitting it out.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows an elderly woman wearing a red shirt and glasses, who is seen talking to the camera. She then takes a drink of water and continues talking.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,The video shows an elderly woman wearing a red shirt and glasses standing in front of a window. She is seen talking to the camera and then stops to look at the camera. The video captures the woman's movements and expressions as she interacts with the camera.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video features an elderly woman wearing a red shirt and glasses, who is seen in various settings such as a kitchen, a bathroom, and a room. She is seen holding a bottle of mouthwash and a remote control, and she is also seen wearing a red shirt while standing in front of a window. The video captures the woman's daily activities and routines in different settings.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows an elderly woman wearing a red shirt and glasses, who is seen talking to the camera. She is standing in front of a window and appears to be in a well-lit room. The woman is seen holding a bottle of mouthwash and taking a sip before spitting it out into the sink. She then rinses the mouthwash with water and spits it out again. The video ends with the woman waving goodbye to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows an elderly woman wearing a red shirt and glasses, who is seen talking to the camera. She is seen holding a bottle of mouthwash and taking a sip before spitting it out.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows the woman wearing a red shirt and glasses, and she is seen talking to the camera multiple times. She is also seen holding a piece of food in her hand and a remote control.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows an elderly woman wearing a red shirt and glasses, who is seen talking to the camera. She then takes a drink of water and continues to talk.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows an elderly woman wearing a red shirt and glasses, who is seen talking to the camera. She then pauses and looks off into the distance. The video ends with her continuing to talk to the camera.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video features an elderly woman wearing a red shirt and glasses who is seen talking to the camera. She is seen holding a bottle of mouthwash and taking a sip before spitting it out. The video also shows her holding a remote control and a cell phone.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with an elderly woman wearing a red shirt and glasses, who is seen talking to the camera. She then proceeds to demonstrate how to put contact lenses in her eyes. After successfully inserting the lenses, she takes them out and puts them back in again. Throughout the video, the woman maintains a calm and composed demeanor, providing clear and concise instructions on how to properly insert and remove contact lenses.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00 - The video begins with an elderly woman wearing a red shirt and glasses standing in front of a window."
0:10 - The woman begins talking to the camera.
0:20 - She takes a drink of water from a glass.
0:30 - She continues talking to the camera.
0:40 - She takes another drink of water.
"0:50 - She finishes talking and smiles.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of sharks swimming in the ocean, with one of them attacking and eating a fish.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of sharks swimming in the ocean, with one of them being chased by a boat. The shark is seen swimming away from the boat, and the camera follows it as it continues to swim.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a group of sharks swimming in the ocean, with one of them being particularly large. The sharks are seen swimming around and interacting with each other, with one of them even swimming towards the camera. The video provides a glimpse into the natural behavior of sharks in their natural habitat.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a serene ocean scene with two sharks swimming in the water. The camera follows them as they move around, and the video ends with the sharks swimming away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a group of sharks swimming in the ocean, with one of them being chased by a boat. The sharks are seen swimming around and interacting with each other, with one of them being chased by a boat. The video captures the beauty and danger of the ocean, with the sharks being both awe-inspiring and potentially dangerous creatures.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of sharks swimming in the ocean, with one of them attacking and eating a fish. The sharks are seen swimming in the water, and the fish is seen swimming in the water as well. The sharks are seen swimming in the water, and the fish is seen swimming in the water as well.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a group of sharks swimming in the ocean, with one shark swimming away from the others. The sharks are seen swimming in the water, and the video captures their movements and interactions with each other.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a group of sharks swimming in the ocean, with one of them attacking and eating a fish. The sharks continue to swim around in the water, with one of them swimming towards the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a large fish swimming in the ocean, a smaller fish swimming next to it, and a shark swimming in the water. The shark is seen swimming towards the smaller fish, and the smaller fish is seen swimming away from the shark. The video captures the movement of the fish and the shark in the water, providing a glimpse into the underwater world.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a group of sharks swimming in the ocean, with one of them being particularly large. The sharks are seen swimming around and interacting with each other, with one of them even swimming towards the camera. The video provides a glimpse into the natural behavior of sharks in their natural habitat.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a close-up shot of a shark swimming in the ocean, followed by a dolphin swimming alongside it. The camera then pans out to show the shark swimming away from the dolphin. The video ends with the shark swimming away from the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a view of the ocean."
0:00:10 - A large fish swims in the water.
0:00:20 - The fish swims away from the camera.
0:00:30 - The camera follows the fish as it swims.
0:00:40 - The fish swims towards the camera.
0:00:50 - The fish swims away from the camera.
0:00:60 - The camera follows the fish as it swims.
0:00:70 - The fish swims towards the camera.
0:00:80 - The fish swims away from the camera.
0:00:90 - The camera follows the fish as it swims.
0:01:00 - The fish swims towards the camera.
0:01:10 - The fish swims away from the camera.
0:01:20 - The camera follows the fish as it swims.
0:01:30 - The fish swims towards the camera.
0:01:40 - The fish swims away from the camera.
0:01:50 - The camera follows the fish as it swims.
0:02:00 - The fish swims towards the camera.
0:02:10 - The fish swims away from the camera.
0:02:20 - The camera follows the fish as it swims.
0:02:30 - The fish swims towards the camera.
0:02:40 - The fish swims away from the camera.
0:02:50 - The camera follows the fish as it swims.
0:03:00 - The fish swims towards the camera.
0:03:10 - The fish swims away from the camera.
0:03:20 - The camera follows the fish as it swims.
0:03:30 - The fish swims towards the camera.
0:03:40 - The fish swims away from the camera.
0:03:50 - The camera follows the fish as it swims.
0:04:00 - The fish swims towards the camera.
0:04:10 - The fish swims away from the camera.
0:04:20 - The camera follows the fish as it swims.
0:04:30 - The fish swims towards the camera.
0:04:40 - The fish swims away from the camera.
0:04:50 - The camera follows the fish as it swims.
0:05:00 - The fish swims towards the camera.
0:05:10 - The fish swims away from the camera.
0:05:20 - The camera follows the fish as it swims.
0:05:30 - The fish swims towards the camera.
0:05:40 - The fish swims away from the camera.
0:05:50 - The camera follows the fish as it swims.
0:06:00 - The fish swims towards the camera.
0:06:10 - The fish swims away from the camera.
0:06:20 - The camera follows the fish as it swims.
0:06:30 - The fish swims towards the camera.
0:06:40 - The fish swims away from the camera.
0:06:50 - The camera follows the fish as it swims.
0:07:00 - The fish swims towards the camera.
0:07:10 - The fish swims away from the camera.
0:07:20 - The camera follows the fish as it swims.
0:07:30 - The fish swims towards the camera.
0:07:40 - The fish swims away from the camera.
0:07:50 - The camera follows the fish as it swims.
0:08:00 - The fish swims towards the camera.
0:08:10 - The fish swims away from the camera.
0:08:20 - The camera follows the fish as it swims.
0:08:30 - The fish swims towards the camera.
"0:08:40 - The fish swims away from"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a group of people riding horses in a desert-like environment. They are seen sitting on their horses and talking to each other. The video also features a man in a cowboy hat and a boy in a cowboy hat and shirt.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man sitting on a horse, followed by a group of men riding horses. They are seen walking their horses and talking to each other. The video also shows a man and a woman riding horses, and a man and a boy riding horses.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a group of people riding horses in a rocky area. The camera pans around the riders, showing them in different positions and angles. The riders are seen talking to each other and looking around the area. The video also shows a man standing in front of a horse, and a close-up of a horse's head. The riders are seen riding their horses in different directions, and the camera captures their movements. The video ends with the riders still riding their horses in the rocky area.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a group of people riding horses in different locations, including a desert and a rocky area. The riders are seen sitting on their horses and walking around. The video also shows a man standing in front of a horse and a group of people standing around a horse.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a group of people riding horses in a desert landscape. One of the riders is a young boy who is seen talking to the camera. The camera then pans to show the other riders, and the boy continues to talk. The video ends with the boy still talking to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of men riding horses in a desert-like environment. One of the men is seen talking to the camera while riding a horse, and another man is seen riding a horse with a rope. The video also shows a man standing next to a horse, and a group of men riding horses in a line.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man and a boy riding horses in different locations, including a desert and a field. The man is seen riding a horse in front of a group of men, and the boy is seen riding a horse in front of a group of men. The video also shows a man and a boy riding horses in front of a group of men.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a man sitting on a horse, followed by a group of men riding horses. They are seen walking their horses around and talking to each other. The video also shows a man and a woman riding horses together.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man and two boys sitting on horses, and then a man is seen talking to the camera. The man then leads the horses to a watering hole, and the boys are shown drinking water from the watering hole. The man then leads the horses back to the camp, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a grassy area, and the boys are shown sitting on the horses. The man then leads the horses to a rocky area, and the boys are shown standing on the horses. The man then leads the horses to"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a group of men riding horses in a desert setting. One of the men is seen talking to the camera while riding a horse, and another man is seen riding a horse with a rope. The video also shows a man standing next to a horse, and a group of men riding horses in a line.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A man is seen sitting on a horse, and another man is standing next to him."
2. The man on the horse is joined by two other men, and they all begin to ride their horses.
3. The group of men ride their horses through a canyon, and the camera captures the beautiful scenery around them.
4. The men continue to ride their horses, and the camera captures their movements.
"5. The men eventually stop riding their horses and stand still.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A man is seen sitting on a horse, and a boy is standing next to him."
0:00:10 - The man and the boy are joined by other men on horses.
0:00:20 - The men are seen riding their horses in a line.
0:00:30 - The men are seen riding their horses in a line, and the boy is seen riding a horse.
0:00:40 - The men are seen riding their horses in a line, and the boy is seen riding a horse.
0:00:50 - The men are seen riding their horses in a line, and the boy is seen riding a horse.
"0:01:00 - The men are seen riding their horses in a line, and the boy is seen riding a horse.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows two men working in a kitchen, preparing dough and shaping it into various forms. They are seen cutting and shaping the dough, and the video ends with them holding up the finished product.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows two men working in a kitchen, preparing dough and shaping it into various forms. They are seen cutting the dough into strips and twisting them together, as well as placing them on a table. The video also shows a person walking in front of the men, and a person walking in front of a table with a bowl of food.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows two men working in a kitchen, preparing dough and shaping it into various forms. They are seen cutting and shaping the dough, and then placing it on a table. The video also shows a man in a red shirt standing in front of a table with a piece of dough, and another man in a red shirt standing in front of a table with a piece of dough. Additionally, a man in a red shirt is seen standing in front of a table with a piece of dough, and another man in a red shirt is seen standing in front of a table with a piece of dough.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows two men working in a kitchen, preparing dough and shaping it into various forms. They are seen working on a table with a machine, and the video captures different moments of their work, including the use of a rolling pin and a knife. The video also shows the men working in a factory, where they are seen working on a conveyor belt.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows two men working in a kitchen, preparing dough and shaping it into various forms. They are seen cutting and shaping the dough, and one of them is seen cutting a piece of dough with a knife. The video also shows a person walking in the background.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows two men working in a kitchen, preparing dough and shaping it into various forms. They are seen cutting the dough into strips and twisting them together, as well as placing them on a table. The video also shows a person walking in the background.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows two men working together to prepare dough in a kitchen. They are seen cutting and shaping the dough, and then placing it on a table. They also use a machine to cut the dough and roll it out.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows two men working in a kitchen, preparing dough and shaping it into various forms. They are seen cutting the dough into strips and twisting them together, as well as placing them on a table. The video also shows the men working with a machine to create more dough.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows two men working in a kitchen, with one man standing in front of a table and the other man standing behind him. The man in front of the table is seen cutting a piece of dough with a knife, while the other man is seen cutting a piece of dough with a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts the dough on a table, and the other man puts the dough on a machine. The man in front of the table then puts"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows two men working in a kitchen, preparing dough and shaping it into various forms. They are seen cutting the dough into strips and twisting them together, as well as placing them on a table. The video also shows the men working with a machine to create more dough.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video shows two men working in a kitchen, preparing dough and shaping it into various forms. They are seen cutting the dough into strips and twisting them together, as well as placing them on a table. The video also shows the men working with a machine to create more dough.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - Two men are seen standing behind a table, preparing dough."
0:00:30 - One of the men begins to roll out the dough.
0:00:45 - The other man begins to roll out the dough.
0:01:00 - The man on the left finishes rolling out the dough.
0:01:15 - The man on the right begins to roll out the dough.
0:02:00 - The man on the right finishes rolling out the dough.
0:02:15 - The man on the left begins to roll out the dough.
0:03:00 - The man on the left finishes rolling out the dough.
0:03:15 - The man on the right begins to roll out the dough.
0:04:00 - The man on the right finishes rolling out the dough.
0:04:15 - The man on the left begins to roll out the dough.
0:05:00 - The man on the left finishes rolling out the dough.
0:05:15 - The man on the right begins to roll out the dough.
0:06:00 - The man on the right finishes rolling out the dough.
0:06:15 - The man on the left begins to roll out the dough.
0:07:00 - The man on the left finishes rolling out the dough.
0:07:15 - The man on the right begins to roll out the dough.
0:08:00 - The man on the right finishes rolling out the dough.
0:08:15 - The man on the left begins to roll out the dough.
0:09:00 - The man on the left finishes rolling out the dough.
0:09:15 - The man on the right begins to roll out the dough.
0:10:00 - The man on the right finishes rolling out the dough.
0:10:15 - The man on the left begins to roll out the dough.
0:11:00 - The man on the left finishes rolling out the dough.
0:11:15 - The man on the right begins to roll out the dough.
0:12:00 - The man on the right finishes rolling out the dough.
0:12:15 - The man on the left begins to roll out the dough.
0:13:00 - The man on the left finishes rolling out the dough.
0:13:15 - The man on the right begins to roll out the dough.
0:14:00 - The man on the right finishes rolling out the dough.
0:14:15 - The man on the left begins to roll out the dough.
0:15:00 - The man on the left finishes rolling out the dough.
0:15:15 - The man on the right begins to roll out the dough.
0:16:00 - The man on the right finishes rolling out the dough.
0:16:15 - The man on the left begins to roll out the dough.
0:17:00 - The man on the left finishes rolling out the dough.
0:17:15 - The man on the right begins to roll out the dough.
0:18:00 - The man on the right finishes rolling out the dough.
0:18:15 - The man on the left begins to roll out the dough.
0:19:00 - The man on the left finishes rolling out the dough.
0:19:15 - The man on the right begins to roll out the dough.
0:20:00 - The man on the right finishes rolling out the dough.
0:20:15 - The man on the left begins to roll out the dough.
0:21:00 - The man on the left finishes rolling out the dough.
0:21:15 - The man on the right begins to roll out the dough.
0:22:00 - The man on the right finishes rolling out the dough.
"0:22:15 - The man on the left"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man and a woman standing in front of a wall. The man is holding a piece of broccoli and the woman is holding a bag. The man then proceeds to cut the broccoli and hands it to the woman.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man in a suit and a woman in a scarf standing outside a building. The man hands the woman a piece of paper and a bag, and she opens the bag to reveal a head of lettuce. The man then takes the lettuce and hands it to another man, who takes a bite and approves of it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a man in a black coat standing in front of a wall, while another man in a brown coat is standing next to him. A third man in a black coat is standing in front of a wall with a green plant. The man in the black coat is seen holding a piece of paper and a bag of money, while the man in the brown coat is holding a piece of paper and a bag of money. The man in the black coat is also seen holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the black coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper. The man in the brown coat is holding a bag of money and a piece of paper"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a man and a woman standing in front of a building, with the man holding a piece of paper and the woman holding a piece of broccoli. The man then proceeds to cut the broccoli and hands it to the woman, who takes a bite. The video also shows the man holding a bag of money and a piece of paper, and the woman holding a bag of money.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a man and a woman standing in front of a wall. The man is holding a piece of broccoli and the woman is holding a bag. The man then proceeds to cut the broccoli and hands it to the woman. The video ends with the woman holding the broccoli in her hand.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man holding a piece of broccoli and a bag of money, while another man is seen cutting the broccoli. The man holding the broccoli then hands it to the other man, who takes a bite and gives the man the bag of money.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man holding a piece of broccoli and a bag of money, and another man cutting the broccoli. The man with the bag of money is seen in different positions throughout the video, including standing in front of a wall and standing next to a man with a beard.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a man in a black coat and scarf standing next to a woman in a red shirt and black scarf. The man is holding a piece of broccoli and a bag of money, while the woman is holding a piece of broccoli. The man then gives the woman the bag of money and takes the piece of broccoli from her.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a man in a black coat and scarf standing in front of a building, holding a bag of money and talking to a woman. The man then gives the woman a bundle of vegetables, and she gives him some money in return. The man then gives the vegetables to another man, who takes them and leaves.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a man in a black coat and scarf standing outside a building, holding a bundle of money and a bag of vegetables. He hands the bag of vegetables to a woman, who takes it and leaves. The man then hands the bundle of money to another man, who takes it and leaves. The man in the black coat and scarf then takes a knife and cuts the vegetables, handing them to a third man. The video ends with the man in the black coat and scarf walking away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A man hands a bundle of money to another man."
2. The man receiving the money opens the bundle and counts the money.
3. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle back to the man who gave it to him.
4. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a third man.
5. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a fourth man.
6. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a fifth man.
7. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a sixth man.
8. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a seventh man.
9. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to an eighth man.
10. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a ninth man.
11. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a tenth man.
12. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to an eleventh man.
13. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a twelfth man.
14. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a thirteenth man.
15. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a fourteenth man.
16. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a fifteenth man.
17. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a sixteenth man.
18. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a seventeenth man.
19. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to an eighteenth man.
20. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a nineteenth man.
21. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a twentieth man.
22. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a twenty-first man.
23. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a twenty-second man.
24. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a twenty-third man.
25. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a twenty-fourth man.
26. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a twenty-fifth man.
27. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a twenty-sixth man.
28. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a twenty-seventh man.
29. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a twenty-eighth man.
30. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a twenty-ninth man.
31. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a thirtieth man.
32. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a thirty-first man.
33. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a thirty-second man.
34. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a thirty-third man.
35. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a thirty-fourth man.
36. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a thirty-fifth man.
37. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a thirty-sixth man.
38. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a thirty-seventh man.
39. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a thirty-eighth man.
40. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a thirty-ninth man.
41. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a fortieth man.
42. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a forty-first man.
43. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a forty-second man.
44. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a forty-third man.
45. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a forty-fourth man.
46. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a forty-fifth man.
47. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a forty-sixth man.
48. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a forty-seventh man.
49. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a forty-eighth man.
50. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a forty-ninth man.
51. The man receiving the money then hands the bundle to a fiftieth man.
"52. The man receiving the money then hands"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A man in a black coat and scarf is seen talking to a woman in a red shirt."
0:00:10 - The man in the black coat and scarf is seen talking to a man in a brown coat.
0:00:20 - The man in the black coat and scarf is seen talking to a man in a black coat.
0:00:30 - The man in the black coat and scarf is seen talking to a man in a black coat.
0:00:40 - The man in the black coat and scarf is seen talking to a man in a black coat.
0:00:50 - The man in the black coat and scarf is seen talking to a man in a black coat.
"0:01:00 - The man in the black coat and scarf is seen talking to a man in a black coat.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man playing lacrosse on a field. He demonstrates how to properly hold and swing the lacrosse stick while running towards the goal.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a man holding a lacrosse stick and talking to the camera. He then demonstrates how to properly hold the stick and catch a ball. The man then proceeds to show how to throw the ball into a goal. Throughout the video, the man continues to talk to the camera and demonstrates various techniques for playing lacrosse.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a man playing lacrosse on a field, demonstrating various techniques and skills. He is seen holding a lacrosse stick and ball, running with the ball, and throwing it into a goal. The video also includes a brief shot of a man in a blue shirt standing on the field.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video showcases a man playing lacrosse on a field, with a focus on his movements and techniques. The video also includes a brief shot of a soccer game being played on the same field.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a man holding a lacrosse stick and talking to the camera. He then demonstrates how to throw a ball into a goal. The video ends with the man walking away from the camera.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a man holding a lacrosse stick and demonstrating how to throw a ball into a goal. He also talks about the proper technique for throwing the ball.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a man repeatedly throwing a ball into a goal while speaking to the camera.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a man holding a lacrosse stick and demonstrating how to play lacrosse. He throws the ball into a goal and continues to talk about the game.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,The video starts with a man holding a lacrosse stick and talking to the camera. He then demonstrates how to hold the stick and throws a ball into a goal. The man continues to talk to the camera and throws the ball into the goal multiple times.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a man demonstrating how to play lacrosse on a field. He explains the basic techniques and movements involved in the game, such as holding the lacrosse stick, catching and throwing the ball, and maneuvering around opponents. The video also includes footage of the man playing lacrosse with others, showcasing the skills and techniques he has discussed.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a man holding a lacrosse stick and speaking to the camera. He then demonstrates how to properly hold and swing the stick. The man then proceeds to show how to throw the ball into a goal. Throughout the video, he provides tips and advice on how to improve one's lacrosse skills.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a black screen displaying the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:00:10 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:00:20 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:00:30 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:00:40 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:00:50 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:01:00 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:01:10 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:01:20 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:01:30 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:01:40 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:01:50 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:02:00 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:02:10 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:02:20 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:02:30 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:02:40 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:02:50 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:03:00 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:03:10 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:03:20 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:03:30 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:03:40 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:03:50 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:04:00 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:04:10 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:04:20 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:04:30 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:04:40 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title """"How to Play Lacrosse for Children"""" and the website address."
"0:04:50 - The"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a woman smoking a cigarette while sitting on a bed. She takes a drag from the cigarette and blows out smoke.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a woman smoking a cigarette while sitting on a bed. She takes a puff from the cigarette and blows out smoke. The camera then pans to the woman's face, and she continues smoking.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a woman in a room with a cat, smoking a cigarette and blowing smoke into the air. She is also seen brushing her teeth and looking at the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a woman in a room with a bed, a sink, and a mirror. She is seen brushing her teeth, washing her face, and looking at the camera. The video also includes a blurry image of a person in a bathroom and a woman in a black shirt standing in front of a mirror.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a woman smoking a cigarette while sitting on a bed. She takes a puff and blows out smoke, then puts the cigarette out on an ashtray. The video ends with the woman looking at the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a woman smoking a cigarette while sitting on a bed. She takes a puff from the cigarette and blows out smoke. The camera captures her from different angles, and she is seen smoking in various positions.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a woman smoking a cigarette and blowing smoke out of her mouth. She also takes a drink from a glass and blows smoke out of her mouth again.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a woman smoking a cigarette while sitting on a bed. She takes a puff from the cigarette and blows out smoke. The camera then pans to the woman's face, and she continues smoking.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a woman brushing her teeth, followed by her washing her face and brushing her hair. She then puts on her glasses and continues brushing her teeth. The video ends with her looking at the camera.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a woman smoking a cigarette while sitting on a bed. She takes a puff from the cigarette and blows out smoke. The camera captures her from different angles, and she appears to be in a relaxed state.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a woman brushing her teeth, followed by her washing her face and applying makeup. She then brushes her hair and puts on a pair of glasses. Throughout the video, she is seen in various positions, including sitting on a bed and in front of a mirror.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00 - The woman is seen brushing her teeth."
0:15 - She spits out the toothpaste.
0:25 - She rinses her mouth with water.
0:35 - She puts her toothbrush away.
"0:45 - She smiles at the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of four people dancing in a room. They are all wearing workout clothes and are dancing in unison. The dance is energetic and upbeat, with the group moving their arms and legs in sync. The video ends with the group striking a pose and smiling at the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a group of four people posing for a photo, and then they proceed to dance together in a room. The dance routine involves a lot of arm movements and leg kicks. The group continues dancing together, and the video ends with the group posing for a photo again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a group of people engaging in various physical activities in a gym setting. The group is seen dancing, doing Zumba, and performing other exercises. The video also features a man and a woman posing for a photo, and a woman in a blue shirt standing in front of a mirror.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video showcases a group of four people dancing in a room, with a man and a woman dancing in a separate room. The man and woman are also seen dancing in a gym, while the group dances in a dance studio. The video captures the group's movements in different settings, highlighting their coordination and synchronization.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a group of people dancing in a room, with a man and a woman leading the group. They are seen dancing in unison, moving their arms and legs in a coordinated manner. The group continues to dance, with the man and woman leading the way. The video ends with the group finishing their dance and walking away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of four people, two men and two women, standing in a room and posing for a picture. They then proceed to dance together, moving their arms and legs in unison. The dance ends with the group striking a pose and smiling for the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows the group of four people dancing together in a room, with the same choreography being performed multiple times.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a group of four people standing in a room, and they start dancing together. They continue dancing and end by posing for the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man and a woman posing for a picture, followed by a group of people dancing in a room. The group continues dancing and posing for pictures, and the video ends with the group posing for one last picture.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a group of four people performing a choreographed dance routine in a gym. They move in unison, displaying their skills and coordination. The video also includes a brief shot of a man in a yellow shirt standing in front of a mirror.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a group of four people posing for a photo, followed by a man and a woman dancing in a room. The man and woman then perform a dance routine in front of a mirror, and the group dances together in a gym. The video ends with the group posing for a photo again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00 - The group of four people pose for a photo."
0:10 - The group of four people are seen dancing in a room.
0:30 - The group of four people are seen dancing in a gym.
0:40 - The group of four people are seen dancing in a dance studio.
0:50 - The group of four people are seen dancing in a room.
0:60 - The group of four people are seen dancing in a gym.
0:70 - The group of four people are seen dancing in a dance studio.
0:80 - The group of four people are seen dancing in a room.
0:90 - The group of four people are seen dancing in a gym.
"1:00 - The group of four people are seen dancing in a dance studio.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man riding a horse in a rodeo ring, chasing a cow, and then tying it up.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man riding a horse and chasing a cow, which is then caught by another man on a horse. The man then ties up the cow, and the video ends with the man riding away on his horse.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a rodeo event where a man on horseback chases after a cow, throws a rope around its neck, and jumps off the horse to tie up the cow. The man then gets back on his horse and rides away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a rodeo event where a man on a horse chases after a cow, throws a rope around its neck, and jumps off the horse. The video also shows a man on a horse in front of a crowd, and a man in a black shirt and hat standing in front of a crowd.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a man riding a horse and chasing a cow. He then ropes the cow and ties it up.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man riding a horse and lassoing a calf, which is then tied up. The man then gets back on his horse and rides away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man riding a horse and chasing a cow, which is then caught by the man. The video also shows a man riding a horse and chasing a cow, which is then caught by the man.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a man riding a horse and lassoing a calf, which is then tied up. Another man then rides in on a horse and unties the calf.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a man riding a horse and chasing a cow, which is then released from a gate. The man then ropes the cow and ties it up. The video also shows a man riding a horse and chasing a bull, which is then released from a gate. The man then ropes the bull and ties it up.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a cowboy riding a horse and lassoing a calf, which is then tied up by another cowboy. The video also features a man in a black shirt and hat standing in front of a crowd, and a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a crowd.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A man rides a horse out of a gate and chases after a cow."
2. The man ropes the cow and ties its legs together.
"3. He then gets back on his horse and rides away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A man rides a horse out of a gate."
0:00:10 - The man ropes a calf and jumps off the horse.
0:00:20 - The man ties the calf.
0:00:30 - The man gets back on his horse.
"0:00:40 - The man rides away.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of people dressed in yellow outfits performing a dance routine on a street. They move in unison, crossing their arms and moving their legs in a coordinated manner. The performance is watched by a crowd of people who cheer and applaud as the dancers finish their routine.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of people dressed in yellow outfits performing a dance routine on a street corner. They move in unison, crossing their arms and moving their legs in a coordinated manner. The performance is watched by a crowd of people who cheer and applaud as the dancers finish their routine.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a group of people dressed in yellow outfits performing a dance routine on a street. They move in unison, showcasing their synchronized movements and coordinated steps. The performance takes place in front of a crowd of onlookers who watch and appreciate the dancers' skills. The dancers' movements are fluid and graceful, and they execute their routine with precision and enthusiasm. The audience cheers and applauds as the dancers finish their routine, and the video captures the joy and excitement of the moment. Overall, the video showcases a captivating and entertaining performance by a talented group of dancers, leaving a lasting impression on the audience.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a group of people dressed in yellow outfits performing a dance routine on a street corner. They move in unison, crossing their arms and legs, and continue dancing until they reach the other side of the street. The video also shows a group of people in yellow outfits crossing the street at a crosswalk, and a group of people in yellow outfits standing on a street corner.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a group of people dressed in yellow outfits performing a dance routine on a street. They move in unison, twirling batons and performing various dance moves. The performance is watched by a crowd of people who cheer and applaud as the dancers finish their routine.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a group of people dressed in yellow outfits performing a dance routine on a street. They move in unison, crossing their arms and moving their legs in a coordinated manner. The performance is watched by a crowd of people who cheer and applaud as the dancers finish their routine.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a group of people dressed in yellow outfits performing a dance routine on a street. They move in unison, crossing their arms and moving their legs in a coordinated manner. The performance is repeated multiple times, with the group moving back and forth across the street.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a group of people dressed in yellow outfits performing a dance routine on a street. They move in unison, crossing their arms and moving their legs in a coordinated manner. The performance is watched by a crowd of people who cheer and applaud as the dancers finish their routine.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a group of people dressed in yellow outfits walking down the street. They then begin to dance and perform a routine on the street. The performance continues until they reach the end of the street, where they stop and bow to the crowd.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a group of people dressed in yellow outfits performing a dance routine on a busy street. They move in unison, twirling batons and performing various dance moves. The performance is watched by a large crowd of people who cheer and applaud as the group finishes their routine.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The group of people in yellow outfits begin dancing and twirling batons in the middle of the street."
2. The group continues dancing and twirling batons while the crowd watches.
"3. The group finishes their performance and walks off the street.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a group of people dressed in yellow outfits walking down the street."
0:00:10 - The group starts dancing and twirling batons in the middle of the street.
0:00:20 - The group continues dancing and twirling batons while crossing the street.
0:00:30 - The group reaches the other side of the street and continues dancing and twirling batons.
0:00:40 - The group stops dancing and twirling batons and starts walking down the street.
"0:00:50 - The group reaches the end of the street and stops dancing and twirling batons.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man lifting a barbell in a gym, demonstrating proper lifting techniques. He lifts the barbell up to his chest and then over his head before dropping it back down to the ground.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a man lifting a barbell and performing squats in a gym. He starts by lifting the barbell to his chest and then lifts it over his head before dropping it back down.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a man lifting a barbell in a gym, and then dropping it on the ground. He then lifts the barbell again and drops it on the ground.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a man lifting a barbell in a gym, with a focus on his form and technique. He lifts the barbell up to his chest and then over his head, demonstrating proper lifting form. The video also shows the man standing in front of a mirror, which suggests that he may be practicing his form or technique.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The man in the video is seen lifting a barbell and then dropping it on the ground. He then lifts the barbell again and drops it on the ground.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man lifting a barbell in a gym, lifting it up to his chest, and then lifting it over his head. He then drops the barbell on the ground.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The man in the video is seen lifting a barbell multiple times, squatting with it, and then lifting it again. He also talks to the camera while doing so.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a man lifting a barbell in a gym, starting with a squat and then lifting the barbell up to his chest and over his head. He then drops the barbell on the ground and walks away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man standing in a gym, lifting a barbell up to his chest, and then lifting it over his head. He then drops the barbell on the ground and walks away.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a man lifting a barbell in a gym, demonstrating proper lifting techniques and form. He lifts the barbell to his chest and then over his head, showcasing his strength and control. The video also emphasizes the importance of proper form and technique when lifting weights.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",The man in the video is seen lifting a barbell and then dropping it on the ground. He then lifts the barbell again and drops it on the ground.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00 - The man is standing in a gym and talking to the camera."
0:15 - He picks up a barbell and lifts it to his chest.
0:25 - He lifts the barbell over his head and drops it.
0:35 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
0:45 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
0:55 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
0:65 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
0:75 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
0:85 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
0:95 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
1:05 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
1:15 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
1:25 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
1:35 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
1:45 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
1:55 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
1:65 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
1:75 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
1:85 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
1:95 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
2:05 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
2:15 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
2:25 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
2:35 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
2:45 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
2:55 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
2:65 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
2:75 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
2:85 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
2:95 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
3:05 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
3:15 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
3:25 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
3:35 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
3:45 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
3:55 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
3:65 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
3:75 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
3:85 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
3:95 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
4:05 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
4:15 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
4:25 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
4:35 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
4:45 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
4:55 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
4:65 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
4:75 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
4:85 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
4:95 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
5:05 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
5:15 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
5:25 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
5:35 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
5:45 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
5:55 - He lifts the barbell again and drops it.
"5:65 - He lif"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a woman hula hooping in a room with a white rug and a white chair. She is wearing a pink shirt and black pants. The video also features a man and a woman hula hooping in a living room, and a woman hula hooping in a room with a white rug and a white chair.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a woman holding a hula hoop and spinning it around her waist. She then proceeds to spin the hoop around her hips and arms. The video also shows a man and a woman hula hooping together, and a group of people hula hooping in a room. The video ends with a woman hula hooping in a room with a group of people.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a woman hula hooping in a room with a white carpet, while a man is seen dancing in a different room. The woman is also seen hula hooping in a living room with a white carpet and a white chair. Additionally, a man is seen hula hooping in a room with a white carpet and a white chair.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video showcases a woman in a pink shirt and blue pants hula hooping in various settings, including a living room, a room with a white wall, and a room with a white rug. The woman is seen hula hooping with a hula hoop in her hand, and she is also seen hula hooping with a hula hoop around her waist. The video also features a man in a white shirt and tie standing in front of a hula hoop.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a woman wearing a pink shirt and black pants hula hooping in a room with a white carpet. She starts by spinning the hula hoop around her waist and gradually increases the speed. She then moves her arms and legs to keep the hoop up and spins it around her body. The woman continues to hula hoop while the camera captures her movements.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a woman wearing a pink shirt and black pants hula hooping in a room with a white carpet. She spins the hula hoop around her body and then around her waist. She also spins the hula hoop around her legs and then around her hips. The video also shows a man in a white shirt and black pants hula hooping in a different room.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a woman hula hooping in various locations, including a living room and a room with a white carpet. She is also seen holding a hula hoop in front of a mirror and standing in front of a fireplace. The video also features a man in a suit and tie standing in front of a fireplace.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a woman wearing a pink shirt and black pants hula hooping in a room with a white carpet. She spins the hula hoop around her waist and then around her neck. She then spins the hula hoop around her body and throws it up in the air. The video also shows a man in a white shirt and black pants hula hooping in a different room.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a woman holding a hula hoop and spinning it around her waist. She then proceeds to spin the hoop around her hips and arms. After that, she starts to spin the hoop around her legs and arms. The video ends with the woman holding the hoop and smiling.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a woman demonstrating how to use a hula hoop, with a focus on her movements and the use of the hula hoop. The video also includes a brief shot of a man in a suit and tie, but the main focus is on the woman and her hula hooping.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A woman in a pink shirt and blue pants is seen holding a hula hoop and spinning it around her waist."
2. The woman then proceeds to spin the hula hoop around her body while moving her arms and legs.
3. The woman continues to spin the hula hoop around her body while moving her arms and legs.
4. The woman then spins the hula hoop around her body while moving her arms and legs.
5. The woman then spins the hula hoop around her body while moving her arms and legs.
6. The woman then spins the hula hoop around her body while moving her arms and legs.
7. The woman then spins the hula hoop around her body while moving her arms and legs.
8. The woman then spins the hula hoop around her body while moving her arms and legs.
9. The woman then spins the hula hoop around her body while moving her arms and legs.
10. The woman then spins the hula hoop around her body while moving her arms and legs.
11. The woman then spins the hula hoop around her body while moving her arms and legs.
12. The woman then spins the hula hoop around her body while moving her arms and legs.
13. The woman then spins the hula hoop around her body while moving her arms and legs.
14. The woman then spins the hula hoop around her body while moving her arms and legs.
15. The woman then spins the hula hoop around her body while moving her arms and legs.
16. The woman then spins the hula hoop around her body while moving her arms and legs.
17. The woman then spins the hula hoop around her body while moving her arms and legs.
18. The woman then spins the hula hoop around her body while moving her arms and legs.
19. The woman then spins the hula hoop around her body while moving her arms and legs.
"20. The woman then spins the hula hoop around her body while moving her arms and legs.</s>"",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00 - Life Magazine cover featuring a woman in a polka dot dress."
0:10 - A woman in a polka dot dress is seen hula hooping.
0:20 - The woman is shown hula hooping in a room.
0:30 - The woman is seen hula hooping in a living room.
0:40 - The woman is shown hula hooping in a room with a white rug.
0:50 - The woman is seen hula hooping in a room with a white rug.
0:60 - The woman is shown hula hooping in a room with a white rug.
0:70 - The woman is seen hula hooping in a room with a white rug.
0:80 - The woman is shown hula hooping in a room with a white rug.
"0:90 - The woman is seen hula hooping in a room with a white rug.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows two men in a red canoe paddling on a lake. They are joined by a woman who is also in a canoe. The woman is seen sitting on the beach and talking to the men.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man and a woman in a red canoe paddling on a lake. They are seen paddling in unison, and the woman is seen paddling alone. The man is also seen paddling alone in a red canoe. The video captures the serene beauty of the lake and the peacefulness of the surroundings.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a serene scene of two people paddling a red canoe on a lake. The camera pans around the lake, showing the surrounding trees and a few cars parked on the shore. The two people continue paddling, and the camera captures their movements. The video ends with the two people getting out of the canoe and walking towards the shore.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures two men kayaking on a lake, with one man paddling and the other man sitting in the back. The camera captures the serene beauty of the lake and the surrounding trees. The video also shows a woman walking on the beach and a man sitting on the beach with a bag.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows two men in a canoe paddling on a lake. They are seen laughing and enjoying the scenery around them. The video also shows a woman walking on the beach and a man sitting on the sand. The video ends with the two men in the canoe paddling towards the shore.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows two men in a red canoe paddling on a lake. They are seen laughing and enjoying the experience. The camera captures the serene beauty of the lake and the surrounding nature. The video also shows a woman in a yellow shirt standing on the beach, watching the canoe.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows two men in a red canoe paddling on a lake. They are seen paddling in different directions and at different times. The video also shows a woman in a yellow shirt standing on the beach and a man in a blue shirt standing on the beach.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows two men in a red canoe paddling on a lake. They are seen laughing and enjoying the experience. The camera captures their movements as they continue to paddle.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a man and a woman in a red canoe paddling on a lake. They are seen paddling in unison, and the woman is seen paddling alone. The man is also seen paddling alone. The video captures the serene beauty of the lake and the peacefulness of the surroundings.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows two men in a red canoe paddling on a lake. They are seen sitting in the canoe and paddling, and the camera captures their movements. The video also shows a woman walking on the beach and a man in a yellow shirt standing on the beach.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a man and a woman sitting in a canoe, and then they start paddling. The camera captures their movements as they continue paddling. The video ends with the woman sitting on the beach, and the man is seen walking on the beach.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a man and a woman in a canoe, paddling through the water."
0:00:30 - The man and woman continue paddling through the water.
0:01:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:01:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:02:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:02:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:03:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:03:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:04:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:04:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:05:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:05:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:06:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:06:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:07:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:07:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:08:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:08:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:09:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:09:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:10:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:10:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:11:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:11:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:12:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:12:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:13:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:13:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:14:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:14:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:15:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:15:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:16:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:16:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:17:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:17:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:18:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:18:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:19:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:19:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:20:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:20:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:21:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:21:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:22:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
0:22:30 - The man and woman start paddling again.
0:23:00 - The man and woman stop paddling and sit in the canoe.
"0:"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video features a woman demonstrating how to use a hula hoop in a field. She starts by holding the hoop and then spins it around her waist. She also demonstrates how to use the hoop on her feet and hands.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a woman holding a hula hoop and speaking to the camera. She then demonstrates how to use the hula hoop by spinning it around her body. Throughout the video, she continues to spin the hoop around her body while speaking to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,The video showcases a woman demonstrating how to use a hula hoop in a field. She starts by holding the hoop and then spins it around her waist. She then demonstrates how to use the hoop by spinning it around her waist and arms. The video also includes a brief shot of a woman in a green shirt standing in front of a green background.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video showcases a woman demonstrating hula hooping in various outdoor settings, including a grassy field and a park. The video also includes a brief shot of a woman in a green shirt standing in front of a green screen.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a woman demonstrating how to use a hula hoop. She starts by holding the hoop and then spins it around her waist. She then demonstrates how to use the hoop by spinning it around her waist and arms. The video ends with the woman holding the hoop and speaking to the camera.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a woman demonstrating how to use a hula hoop. She starts by holding the hoop and then spins it around her waist. She also demonstrates how to use the hoop on her feet and hands.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a woman demonstrating how to use a hula hoop in various locations, including a grassy field and a park. She is seen holding the hoop and spinning it around her body while standing in different positions. The video also includes a brief shot of a woman in a green shirt standing in front of a green background.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a woman demonstrating how to use a hula hoop in a field. She starts by holding the hoop and then spins it around her waist. She then demonstrates how to use the hoop by spinning it around her waist and arms.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a woman standing in a field holding a hula hoop. She then demonstrates how to use the hula hoop by spinning it around her waist. After that, she shows how to use the hula hoop on her feet. The video ends with the woman holding the hula hoop in her hands.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video features a woman demonstrating how to use a hula hoop in a field. She starts by holding the hoop and then spins it around her waist. She also demonstrates how to use the hoop on her feet and hands. The video ends with the woman holding the hoop in her hands.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",The video begins with a woman standing in a field holding a hula hoop. She then demonstrates how to use the hula hoop by spinning it around her waist. The video ends with the woman holding the hula hoop in her hands.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a woman standing in a field holding a hula hoop."
0:00:10 - The woman starts spinning the hula hoop around her waist.
0:00:20 - The woman demonstrates how to properly hold the hula hoop.
0:00:30 - The woman shows how to spin the hula hoop around her waist.
0:00:40 - The woman demonstrates how to spin the hula hoop around her hips.
0:00:50 - The woman shows how to spin the hula hoop around her arms.
0:01:00 - The woman demonstrates how to spin the hula hoop around her legs.
0:01:10 - The woman shows how to spin the hula hoop around her neck.
0:01:20 - The woman demonstrates how to spin the hula hoop around her back.
0:01:30 - The woman shows how to spin the hula hoop around her shoulders.
0:01:40 - The woman demonstrates how to spin the hula hoop around her wrists.
0:01:50 - The woman shows how to spin the hula hoop around her ankles.
0:02:00 - The woman demonstrates how to spin the hula hoop around her knees.
0:02:10 - The woman shows how to spin the hula hoop around her hips.
0:02:20 - The woman demonstrates how to spin the hula hoop around her waist.
0:02:30 - The woman shows how to spin the hula hoop around her arms.
0:02:40 - The woman demonstrates how to spin the hula hoop around her legs.
0:02:50 - The woman shows how to spin the hula hoop around her neck.
0:03:00 - The woman demonstrates how to spin the hula hoop around her back.
0:03:10 - The woman shows how to spin the hula hoop around her shoulders.
0:03:20 - The woman demonstrates how to spin the hula hoop around her wrists.
0:03:30 - The woman shows how to spin the hula hoop around her ankles.
0:03:40 - The woman demonstrates how to spin the hula hoop around her knees.
0:03:50 - The woman shows how to spin the hula hoop around her hips.
0:04:00 - The woman demonstrates how to spin the hula hoop around her waist.
0:04:10 - The woman shows how to spin the hula hoop around her arms.
0:04:20 - The woman demonstrates how to spin the hula hoop around her legs.
0:04:30 - The woman shows how to spin the hula hoop around her neck.
0:04:40 - The woman demonstrates how to spin the hula hoop around her back.
0:04:50 - The woman shows how to spin the hula hoop around her shoulders.
0:05:00 - The woman demonstrates how to spin the hula hoop around her wrists.
0:05:10 - The woman shows how to spin the hula hoop around her ankles.
0:05:20 - The woman demonstrates how to spin the hula hoop around her knees.
0:05:30 - The woman shows how to spin the hula hoop around her hips.
0:05:40 - The woman demonstrates how to spin the hula hoop around her waist.
0:05:50 - The woman shows how to spin the hula hoop around her arms.
0:06:00 - The woman demonstrates how to spin the hula hoop around her legs.
0:06:10 - The woman shows how to spin the hula hoop around her neck.
0:06:20 - The woman demonstrates how to spin the hula hoop around her back.
0:06:30 - The woman shows how to spin the hula hoop around her shoulders.
"0:06:40 - The woman demonstrates how to spin the hula hoop around"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows two wrestlers in a ring, with one wrestler picking up the other and slamming him down onto the mat. The crowd cheers as the wrestler stands victorious.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows two wrestlers in a ring, with one wrestler being thrown to the ground by the other. The wrestler who was thrown is seen lying on the ground, while the other wrestler stands over him.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a wrestling match between two men in a ring. One of the wrestlers is wearing a green and yellow outfit, while the other is wearing a red and black outfit. The wrestler in the green and yellow outfit is thrown to the ground by the wrestler in the red and black outfit. The wrestler in the green and yellow outfit is then thrown to the ground again by the wrestler in the red and black outfit. The wrestler in the green and yellow outfit is then thrown to the ground for the third time by the wrestler in the red and black outfit.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows two wrestlers in a ring, with one wrestler being thrown to the ground by the other. The wrestlers are wearing red and black trunks, and the referee is present. The video also shows a man in a suit standing in front of a crowd, and a man in a suit and tie standing in front of a crowd.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows two wrestlers in a ring, with one wrestler being thrown to the ground by the other. The wrestler who was thrown is seen lying on the ground, while the other wrestler stands over him. The referee is also present in the ring, and the crowd is cheering.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows two wrestlers in a ring, with one wrestler picking up the other and slamming him onto the mat. The referee is present, and the crowd is cheering.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows two wrestlers in a ring, with one wrestler being thrown to the ground by the other. The same action is repeated multiple times throughout the video.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows two wrestlers in a ring, with one wrestler picking up the other and slamming him onto the mat. The referee is present, and the crowd is cheering.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows two wrestlers in a ring, with one wrestler being thrown to the ground by the other. The wrestler who was thrown is seen lying on the ground, while the other wrestler stands over him. The video also shows the wrestler who was thrown getting back up and walking away.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows two wrestlers in a ring, with one wrestler being thrown to the ground by the other. The wrestler who was thrown is seen lying on the ground, while the other wrestler stands over him.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The wrestlers collide in the center of the ring, causing them to fall to the ground."
2. One wrestler quickly pins the other, resulting in a victory.
"3. The crowd cheers as the victorious wrestler celebrates his win.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The wrestlers start fighting in the ring."
0:00:15 - One wrestler picks up the other and slams him onto the mat.
0:00:25 - The wrestler who was slammed gets up and walks away.
0:00:35 - The referee counts to three.
0:00:45 - The wrestler who was slammed walks back to the ring.
0:00:55 - The wrestler who was slammed jumps on the other wrestler.
0:10:00 - The wrestler who was slammed gets up and walks away again.
0:10:15 - The referee counts to three again.
0:10:25 - The wrestler who was slammed walks back to the ring.
0:10:35 - The wrestler who was slammed jumps on the other wrestler again.
0:20:00 - The wrestler who was slammed gets up and walks away for the third time.
0:20:15 - The referee counts to three for the third time.
0:20:25 - The wrestler who was slammed walks back to the ring.
0:20:35 - The wrestler who was slammed jumps on the other wrestler for the third time.
0:30:00 - The wrestler who was slammed gets up and walks away for the fourth time.
0:30:15 - The referee counts to three for the fourth time.
0:30:25 - The wrestler who was slammed walks back to the ring.
0:30:35 - The wrestler who was slammed jumps on the other wrestler for the fourth time.
0:40:00 - The wrestler who was slammed gets up and walks away for the fifth time.
0:40:15 - The referee counts to three for the fifth time.
0:40:25 - The wrestler who was slammed walks back to the ring.
0:40:35 - The wrestler who was slammed jumps on the other wrestler for the fifth time.
0:50:00 - The wrestler who was slammed gets up and walks away for the sixth time.
0:50:15 - The referee counts to three for the sixth time.
0:50:25 - The wrestler who was slammed walks back to the ring.
0:50:35 - The wrestler who was slammed jumps on the other wrestler for the sixth time.
0:60:00 - The wrestler who was slammed gets up and walks away for the seventh time.
0:60:15 - The referee counts to three for the seventh time.
0:60:25 - The wrestler who was slammed walks back to the ring.
0:60:35 - The wrestler who was slammed jumps on the other wrestler for the seventh time.
0:70:00 - The wrestler who was slammed gets up and walks away for the eighth time.
0:70:15 - The referee counts to three for the eighth time.
0:70:25 - The wrestler who was slammed walks back to the ring.
0:70:35 - The wrestler who was slammed jumps on the other wrestler for the eighth time.
0:80:00 - The wrestler who was slammed gets up and walks away for the ninth time.
0:80:15 - The referee counts to three for the ninth time.
0:80:25 - The wrestler who was slammed walks back to the ring.
0:80:35 - The wrestler who was slammed jumps on the other wrestler for the ninth time.
0:90:00 - The wrestler who was slammed gets up and walks away for the tenth time.
0:90:15 - The referee counts to three for the tenth time.
0:90:25 - The wrestler who was slammed walks back to the ring.
"0:90:35 - The wrestler who was slammed jumps on the other wrestler for the tenth time.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a group of people playing a game of volleyball in a gym. They are seen hitting the ball back and forth over the net.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a group of people playing indoor soccer in a gym. They are seen running around and kicking the ball back and forth. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt walking around the gym.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a group of people playing indoor soccer in a gym. The players are seen running around and kicking the ball, while others watch from the sidelines. The video captures the energy and excitement of the game, with players dribbling and passing the ball to each other. The gym provides a spacious and well-lit environment for the game, with plenty of room for the players to move around. Overall, the video showcases the fun and competitive nature of indoor soccer, with players working together to score goals and win the game.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a group of people playing indoor soccer in a gym. The players are seen running around and kicking the ball, with one player scoring a goal. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt standing in front of a wall.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a group of people playing indoor soccer in a gym. They are seen running around and kicking the ball back and forth. The video ends with the players continuing to play.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a group of people playing indoor soccer in a gym. They are seen running around and kicking the ball back and forth. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt standing in front of the goal.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a group of people playing dodgeball in a gym. They are throwing balls at each other and trying to avoid getting hit. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt and black shorts running around the court.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a group of people playing indoor soccer in a gym. They are seen running around and kicking the ball back and forth. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt and black shorts walking in front of the camera.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a group of people playing dodgeball in a gym. One person throws a ball at another, and the person who was hit throws the ball back. The game continues with people throwing balls at each other.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a group of people playing indoor soccer in a gym. They are seen running around and kicking the ball back and forth. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt and black shorts walking in front of the camera.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a man and a woman playing basketball in a gym. The man throws the ball to the woman, who then throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a third person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a fourth person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a fifth person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a sixth person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a seventh person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a ninth person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a tenth person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a twelfth person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a thirteenth person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a fourteenth person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a fifteenth person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a sixteenth person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a seventeenth person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a nineteenth person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a twentieth person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a twenty-first person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a twenty-third person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a twenty-fifth person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a twenty-seventh person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a twenty-ninth person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a thirtieth person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a thirty-second person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a thirty-fourth person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a thirty-sixth person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a thirty-eighth person, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to the woman, who throws it back to the man. The man then throws the ball to a fortieth person, who throws it back to the man."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00-0:10: The video begins with a man in a yellow shirt standing in front of a group of people."
0:10-0:20: The man in the yellow shirt begins to run around the court.
0:20-0:30: The man in the yellow shirt passes the ball to another player.
0:30-0:40: The man in the yellow shirt runs towards the goal and scores a point.
0:40-0:50: The man in the yellow shirt passes the ball to another player.
0:50-0:60: The man in the yellow shirt runs towards the goal and scores a point.
0:60-0:70: The man in the yellow shirt passes the ball to another player.
0:70-0:80: The man in the yellow shirt runs towards the goal and scores a point.
0:80-0:90: The man in the yellow shirt passes the ball to another player.
"0:90-1:00: The man in the yellow shirt runs towards the goal and scores a point.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person mixing ingredients in a bowl, pouring the mixture into a pan, and baking it in the oven. The person then takes the pan out of the oven and cuts the cake into pieces.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a person mixing ingredients in a bowl, followed by pouring the mixture into a pan and baking it. After the cake is done, the person frosts it with chocolate and decorates it with green and brown sprinkles. The video ends with the person taking a bite of the cake.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a person preparing and decorating cakes in a kitchen. The person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl, pouring the mixture into cake pans, and baking the cakes. After the cakes are baked, the person decorates them with frosting and sprinkles. The video also shows the person cutting and serving the cakes.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video showcases a person preparing and decorating cakes in a kitchen. The person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl, pouring the mixture into cake pans, and baking the cakes. After the cakes are baked, the person decorates them with frosting and sprinkles. The video also shows the person holding a cake with frosting and sprinkles.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person mixing ingredients in a bowl, pouring the mixture into a pan, and baking it in the oven. After the baking is complete, the person takes the pan out of the oven and cuts the cake into pieces. The video ends with the person holding up a piece of cake.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person mixing ingredients in a bowl, pouring the mixture into cake pans, baking the cakes, frosting them, and then presenting them to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person mixing ingredients in a bowl, pouring the mixture into a pan, and baking the cake. The person then takes the cake out of the oven and cuts it into pieces.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person mixing ingredients in a bowl, pouring the mixture into small pans, and baking them in the oven. After the cakes are done, they are frosted and decorated with camouflage icing. The video ends with a person holding a piece of cake and showing off the finished product.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a person mixing ingredients in a bowl, followed by pouring the mixture into a pan and baking it. After the cake is done, the person frosts it with chocolate and decorates it with green and brown sprinkles. The video ends with the person taking a bite of the cake.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases the process of making cakes, with a focus on the camouflage cake. The person in the video mixes the ingredients, pours the batter into cake pans, and bakes the cakes. The video also shows the person frosting the cakes with chocolate frosting and adding camouflage decorations. The video ends with the person taking a bite of the cake.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a close-up shot of a cake, followed by a person mixing ingredients in a bowl."
2. The person then pours the mixture into a pan and bakes it in the oven.
3. After the cake is baked, the person frosts it with chocolate and adds sprinkles.
"4. The person then cuts the cake into pieces and presents it to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a black screen displaying the title of the video."
0:00:30 - The video transitions to a woman in a kitchen, who is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl.
0:00:50 - The woman pours the mixture into a pan and places it in the oven.
0:02:30 - The video shows the cake being baked in the oven.
0:05:30 - The video transitions to a close-up shot of the cake, which is now fully baked.
0:06:30 - The video shows the woman frosting the cake with a knife.
0:08:30 - The video transitions to a close-up shot of the frosted cake.
0:10:30 - The video shows the woman decorating the cake with chocolate chips.
0:12:30 - The video transitions to a close-up shot of the finished cake.
0:14:30 - The video shows the woman taking a bite of the cake.
"0:16:30 - The video ends with a black screen displaying the title of the video.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man walking his pit bull on a leash down a street, with other people walking around him. The man is seen walking around a corner and down the street, with the dog following him.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man walking his pit bull on a leash down a street, with several people walking around him. The man then stops to talk to another man, and the pit bull sniffs around. The man then continues walking down the street with the pit bull.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a lively street scene with people walking their dogs, a man walking down the street with a skateboard, and a woman walking down the street with a dog. The video also shows a man walking down the street with a skateboard, and a man walking down the street with a dog. The video also shows a man walking down the street with a skateboard, and a man walking down the street with a dog.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a man walking his pit bull on a leash down a street, with a crowd of people walking around him. The man and his dog are seen walking in front of a building, and the man is also seen walking down the street with a skateboard. The video also shows a man walking down the street with a surfboard.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man walking his pit bull on a leash down a street, with several people walking around him. The man is seen walking around the area, and the video ends with a shot of the man and his dog walking away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man walking his pit bull on a leash down a street, with several people walking around him. The man is also seen walking his dog in a park and on the sidewalk. Additionally, there are scenes of people walking their dogs in a city, with some dogs being walked on leashes and others being walked without.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man walking his dog on a leash, and the dog is seen running around and playing with other dogs. The man is also seen walking his dog in different locations, including a street, a park, and a sidewalk.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a man walking his pit bull on a leash down a street, with other people walking around him. The man is seen walking around a corner and down the street, with the dog following him. The video also shows the man walking the dog in front of a building and a crowd of people.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a man walking his pit bull on a leash down a street, with several people walking around him. The man then stops to talk to another man, and the pit bull sniffs around the area. The man then continues walking down the street with the pit bull.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video captures a man walking his pit bull on a leash down a street, with several people walking around him. The man is seen walking around a corner and down the street, with the dog following him. The video also shows the man walking the dog in front of a building and a crowd of people.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A man is seen walking down the street with his pit bull."
2. The man is then seen walking down the street with a skateboard.
3. The man is seen walking down the street with a surfboard.
4. The man is seen walking down the street with a bike.
5. The man is seen walking down the street with a baby.
6. The man is seen walking down the street with a dog.
7. The man is seen walking down the street with a skateboard.
8. The man is seen walking down the street with a surfboard.
9. The man is seen walking down the street with a bike.
10. The man is seen walking down the street with a baby.
11. The man is seen walking down the street with a dog.
12. The man is seen walking down the street with a skateboard.
13. The man is seen walking down the street with a surfboard.
14. The man is seen walking down the street with a bike.
15. The man is seen walking down the street with a baby.
"16. The man is seen walking down the street with a dog.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a black screen displaying the title of the video."
0:00:05 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:00:10 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:00:15 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:00:20 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:00:25 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:00:30 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:00:35 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:00:40 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:00:45 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:00:50 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:00:55 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:00:60 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:00:65 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:00:70 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:00:75 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:00:80 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:00:85 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:00:90 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:00:95 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:01:00 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:01:05 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:01:10 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:01:15 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:01:20 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:01:25 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:01:30 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:01:35 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:01:40 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:01:45 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:01:50 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:01:55 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:02:00 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:02:05 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:02:10 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:02:15 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:02:20 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:02:25 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:02:30 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:02:35 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
0:02:40 - The video transitions to a black screen with the title of the video.
0:02:45 - The video transitions to a white screen with the title of the video.
"0:02:50 - The video transitions to a black screen"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a woman wearing a yellow shirt and black tights who is practicing boxing in a gym. She is seen punching and kicking the air while wearing boxing gloves.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a woman wearing a yellow shirt and black tights performing a series of kicks and punches in a gym. She starts by doing a kick in the air and then continues to kick and punch in front of her. She also does a kick in the air and a kick in the side.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a woman wearing a yellow shirt and black tights performing a series of movements in a gym. She starts by moving her arms and legs around, then moves her feet back and forth, and finally, she turns around and continues to move her arms and legs.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a woman in a yellow shirt and black tights performing a series of movements in a gym. She starts by standing in the middle of the room and then moves to the right side of the room. She then turns around and walks back to the left side of the room. Throughout the video, she performs various movements, including jumping, kicking, and spinning.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a woman wearing a yellow shirt and black tights performing a series of kicks and punches in a gym. She starts by kicking her legs up and then moves on to punching her arms up. She continues to kick her legs up and punch her arms up while moving her feet around. The video ends with her walking away.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a woman wearing a yellow shirt and black tights performing a series of kicks and punches in a gym. She starts by kicking her legs up and then moves on to punching her arms up. She continues to kick her legs up and punch her arms up while moving her feet around.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a woman wearing a yellow shirt and black tights repeatedly jumping rope in a gym. She jumps in a rhythmic manner, and the camera captures her movements from different angles.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a woman wearing a yellow shirt and black tights performing a series of kicks and punches in a gym. She starts by kicking her left leg up and then alternates between her left and right leg. She also punches her left arm up and then alternates between her left and right arm.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a woman wearing a yellow shirt and black tights performing a series of movements in a gym. She starts by moving her arms and legs around, then moves her feet back and forth, and finally, she turns around and continues moving her arms and legs. The video captures her movements from different angles, and she appears to be practicing a dance routine or a martial arts move.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video showcases a woman wearing a yellow shirt and black tights who is practicing boxing in a gym. She is seen punching a bag and moving her feet around while doing so. The video also shows her practicing her kicks and punches in the gym.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The woman is seen standing in a gym, wearing a yellow shirt and black tights."
2. She starts jumping rope, moving her feet quickly and smoothly.
3. She changes her jumping style, moving her feet in a criss-cross pattern.
4. She continues jumping, moving her feet in a side-to-side motion.
"5. She stops jumping and walks towards the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00 - The woman is seen standing in a gym, wearing a yellow shirt and black tights."
0:10 - She starts jumping rope, moving her feet quickly and smoothly.
0:30 - She stops jumping and starts doing a series of kicks and punches, moving her arms and legs in a fluid motion.
0:45 - She continues to kick and punch, moving her body in a rhythmic manner.
"0:55 - She finishes her routine and walks away, looking satisfied with her performance.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a woman putting on contact lenses and looking at the camera.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a woman putting on makeup, followed by a man putting on makeup. The woman then takes off her contact lenses and puts them in a container. The man then puts on his contact lenses.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a man putting on makeup and a woman putting on contact lenses. The man is seen putting on makeup on his face, while the woman is putting on contact lenses. The video also shows a woman with red hair and a man with a beard.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,The video shows a woman putting on makeup and a man looking at the camera. The woman is seen holding a contact lens in her hand and putting it in her eye. The video also includes a close-up of a contact lens and a person's eye.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a woman putting on makeup while looking into the camera. She starts by putting on eye shadow and then adds eyeliner and mascara. She finishes by putting on lipstick and smiling at the camera.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a woman putting on makeup and a man looking at the camera. The woman is seen putting on eye lenses and looking at the camera. The video also includes a close-up of a person's eye and a person holding a contact lens.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a woman putting on makeup and a man putting on contact lenses. The woman is seen putting on makeup in various locations, including a bathroom and a bedroom. The man is shown putting on contact lenses in a bathroom.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video starts with a woman putting on makeup, followed by a man putting on makeup. The woman then takes off her contact lenses and puts them in a container. The man then puts on his contact lenses.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a black screen with white text that reads """"How to Insert Colored Contacts for Halloween"""" and a website address. Then, a woman is shown holding a contact lens in her hand and putting it in her eye. She repeats the process with the other eye. The video ends with a black screen with white text that reads """"Your Halloween Contact Lenses.""""</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a woman putting on contact lenses, taking them out, and putting them back in again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",The video begins with a woman holding a contact lens and inserting it into her eye. She then proceeds to remove the lens and hold it up to the camera. The video ends with the woman holding the lens up to the camera again.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a black screen displaying the title """"How to put in Halloween contact lenses."""""
0:00:10 - A woman is shown holding a contact lens in her hand.
0:00:20 - The woman places the contact lens on her finger.
0:00:30 - The woman opens her eye and inserts the contact lens.
0:00:40 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:00:50 - The woman opens her eye again and blinks.
0:01:00 - The woman closes her eye and blinks again.
0:01:10 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:01:20 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:01:30 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:01:40 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:01:50 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:02:00 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:02:10 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:02:20 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:02:30 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:02:40 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:02:50 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:03:00 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:03:10 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:03:20 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:03:30 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:03:40 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:03:50 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:04:00 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:04:10 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:04:20 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:04:30 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:04:40 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:04:50 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:05:00 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:05:10 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:05:20 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:05:30 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:05:40 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:05:50 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:06:00 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:06:10 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:06:20 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:06:30 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:06:40 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:06:50 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:07:00 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:07:10 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:07:20 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:07:30 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:07:40 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:07:50 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:08:00 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:08:10 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:08:20 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:08:30 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
0:08:40 - The woman closes her eye and blinks.
0:08:50 - The woman opens her eye and blinks.
"0"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video features a man in a suit and tie who is being interviewed by a woman in a red shirt. The man is seen talking about bullfighting and the dangers involved in the sport. The video also shows a man in a bullfighting outfit being interviewed by the same woman.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video begins with a man in a suit speaking to the camera, followed by a man in a bullfighting outfit running through a ring. The man in the suit then speaks to the camera again, and the man in the bullfighting outfit is shown running through the ring again. The video ends with the man in the suit speaking to the camera once more.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a man in a suit and tie speaking to the camera, a man in a bullfighting outfit being interviewed, and a woman in a red shirt sitting behind a desk. The man in the bullfighting outfit is seen holding a red cape and a sword, while the man in the suit is seen holding a red flag. The video also features a man in a suit and tie standing in front of a wall of pictures, and a man in a suit and tie standing in front of a wall of pictures and a TV.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video showcases a man in a suit and tie speaking to the camera, a man in a bullfighting outfit being interviewed, and a man in a suit and tie speaking to the camera again. The video also features a woman in a red shirt and a man in a suit and tie speaking to the camera. The video ends with a man in a suit and tie speaking to the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man in a suit and tie talking to the camera, followed by a man in a bullfighting outfit running and dodging bulls. The man in the suit then talks to the camera again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man in a suit speaking to the camera, a man in a bullfighting outfit being interviewed, and a woman in a red shirt sitting at a desk. The man in the bullfighting outfit is also seen running with a red cape and being chased by a bull.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man in a suit and tie speaking to the camera, a man in a bullfighting outfit being interviewed, and a man in a suit and tie speaking to the camera again. The video also features a woman in a red shirt and a man in a suit and tie.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video starts with a man in a suit speaking to the camera, followed by a man in a bullfighting outfit being interviewed. The man in the suit then speaks to the camera again, and the man in the bullfighting outfit is shown running with a red cape. The video ends with the man in the suit speaking to the camera again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man in a suit speaking to the camera, followed by a man in a bullfighting outfit running down a street. The man in the suit then appears again, and the man in the bullfighting outfit is shown running down the street again. The man in the suit is then shown speaking to the camera again.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man in a suit speaking to the camera, a man in a bullfighting outfit being interviewed, and a woman in a red shirt sitting at a desk. The man in the bullfighting outfit is shown running with a red cape and being chased by a bull. The video also includes a brief shot of a horse running on a track.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a man in a suit speaking to the camera, followed by a woman in a red shirt who is also speaking to the camera. The man then appears again, and the woman is shown talking to him. The man is then shown in a bullfighting ring, and the woman is shown talking to him again. The video ends with the man speaking to the camera once more.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A man in a suit appears on a TV screen."
0:00:10 - A woman in a red shirt is seen sitting in front of a TV screen.
0:00:20 - The man in the suit is shown talking to the camera.
0:00:30 - The man in the suit is shown talking to a woman in a red shirt.
0:00:40 - The man in the suit is shown talking to a man in a bullfighting outfit.
0:00:50 - The man in the suit is shown talking to a man in a suit.
"0:01:00 - The man in the suit is shown talking to a man in a suit.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows two women arm wrestling on a table, with one of them winning. They then stand up and hug each other.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a woman in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt arm wrestling on a table. The woman in blue shirt wins the match, and the woman in white shirt walks away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video captures a group of people gathered in a room, with two women arm wrestling on a table. The woman on the left wins, and the woman on the right is visibly upset. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt standing in front of a crowd, with the woman in the white shirt holding a microphone.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a woman in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt arm wrestling on a table. The woman in the blue shirt wins the match, and the woman in the white shirt stands up and walks away. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt arm wrestling on a table, with the woman in the blue shirt winning the match.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows two women arm wrestling on a table, with one of them winning. They then stand up and hug each other. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt standing in front of a crowd, and a woman in a blue shirt and white shorts standing in front of a crowd.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows two women arm wrestling on a table, with one of them winning. They then hug each other, and the woman who won stands on the shoulders of the other woman. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt standing in front of a crowd, and a woman in a blue shirt and white shorts standing in front of a crowd.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows two women arm wrestling multiple times, with one of them winning each time. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt holding a yellow box and a woman in a blue shirt holding a yellow box.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows two women arm wrestling on a table, with one of them winning. They then stand up and hug each other.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video shows a woman in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt arm wrestling on a table. The woman in the blue shirt wins the match, and the woman in the white shirt stands up and walks away. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt arm wrestling on a table. The woman in the blue shirt wins the match, and the man in the blue shirt stands up and walks away.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a woman in a blue shirt arm wrestling with another woman in a yellow shirt. The woman in blue wins the match, and the crowd cheers. The video also features a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a yellow shirt arm wrestling, with the woman in yellow winning. The video ends with the woman in blue shirt and the woman in yellow shirt hugging.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a woman in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt arm wrestling. The woman in blue wins, and the woman in white leaves. Then, the woman in blue arm wrestles with a man, and the woman in white returns to arm wrestle with the man. The woman in blue wins again, and the woman in white leaves. The woman in blue then arm wrestles with a woman in a white shirt, and the woman in white wins. The woman in blue leaves, and the woman in white shirt returns to arm wrestle with the man. The woman in white wins, and the man leaves.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a woman in a blue shirt and a man in a blue shirt standing in front of a table."
0:00:10 - The woman in the blue shirt begins to arm wrestle with a woman in a white shirt.
0:00:20 - The woman in the blue shirt wins the arm wrestling match.
0:00:30 - The woman in the blue shirt and the woman in the white shirt hug each other.
0:00:40 - The woman in the blue shirt and the woman in the white shirt shake hands.
0:00:50 - The woman in the blue shirt and the woman in the white shirt stand in front of the table.
"0:01:00 - The video ends with the woman in the blue shirt and the woman in the white shirt standing in front of the table.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video showcases the process of making a dish with various ingredients, including pasta, vegetables, and cheese. The ingredients are mixed together in a pan and cooked until the pasta is al dente. The final dish is served on a plate with a fork.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a collage of food items, followed by a chef preparing a dish by mixing ingredients in a bowl. The chef then adds pasta to the mixture and stirs it. The video ends with the chef serving the dish on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a person preparing a dish by mixing various ingredients together. The person starts by cutting up vegetables and mixing them in a bowl. Then, they add in pasta and cheese, followed by oil and spices. The person stirs everything together and serves the dish on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,The video showcases a woman preparing a dish by mixing various ingredients together and cooking them in a pan. The video also includes a collage of images of food and a recipe for a pasta dish.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a person cutting up various ingredients and mixing them together in a pot. The person then pours the mixture into a pan and cooks it. The video ends with the person serving the dish on a plate.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video showcases the preparation of a dish with various ingredients, including pasta, vegetables, and cheese. The ingredients are mixed together in a pan, and the dish is cooked. The video also includes a recipe for a pasta dish with vegetables and cheese.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a person cutting up vegetables and mixing them in a bowl. The person then pours oil into a pan and adds the vegetables. The video also shows the person stirring the vegetables in the pan.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video starts with a collage of food items, followed by a chef preparing a dish by mixing various ingredients together. The chef then cooks the mixture in a pan and serves it on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a collage of food items, followed by a person cutting up vegetables and mixing them in a bowl. Then, the person adds pasta to the mixture and stirs it. Finally, the person serves the dish on a plate.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases the process of making a dish, starting with the preparation of ingredients and cooking them in a pan. The chef adds seasoning and mixes the ingredients together, resulting in a delicious and well-presented meal.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A chef is seen cutting up vegetables on a cutting board."
2. The chef adds oil to a pan and cooks the vegetables.
3. The chef adds pasta to the pan and mixes everything together.
4. The chef adds cheese and mixes it in.
"5. The chef serves the pasta in a bowl.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A collage of food items is displayed."
0:00:30 - A person is seen cutting up food on a cutting board.
0:00:45 - The person adds oil to a pan and cooks the food.
0:00:55 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:01:10 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:01:25 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:01:40 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:01:55 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:02:10 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:02:25 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:02:40 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:02:55 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:03:10 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:03:25 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:03:40 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:03:55 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:04:10 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:04:25 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:04:40 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:04:55 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:05:10 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:05:25 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:05:40 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:05:55 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:06:10 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:06:25 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:06:40 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:06:55 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:07:10 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:07:25 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:07:40 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:07:55 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:08:10 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:08:25 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:08:40 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:08:55 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:09:10 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:09:25 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:09:40 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:09:55 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:10:10 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:10:25 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:10:40 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:10:55 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:11:10 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:11:25 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:11:40 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:11:55 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:12:10 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:12:25 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
0:12:40 - The person stirs the food in the pan.
0:12:55 - The person adds more ingredients to the pan.
"0:13:1"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man brushing his teeth in the ocean, and a woman brushing her teeth in front of a mirror. The video ends with the woman throwing water on the man.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a man and a woman sitting on a bench, followed by a man brushing his teeth in front of a mirror. The woman then brushes her teeth in the same manner. The man then walks to the beach and starts running, while the woman is seen running on the beach as well. The video ends with the man and woman sitting on the bench again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man brushing his teeth in a bathroom, and a man sitting on the beach with a toothbrush. The video also features a man in a white shirt and a woman in a pink dress.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video showcases various spatio-temporal contexts, including a beach, a bathroom, and a room. The man and woman are seen in different positions, such as sitting on a bench, standing in front of a mirror, and sitting on a toilet. The video also features a man in a suit and tie, a woman in a dress, and a man in a suit and tie. The video ends with a man in a suit and tie standing in front of a mirror.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man and a woman sitting on a bench, and the man is brushing his teeth. The woman is seen walking on the beach, and the man is also seen walking on the beach. The video ends with the woman walking on the beach.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man and a woman sitting on a beach, a man brushing his teeth with a toothbrush, a woman walking on the beach, and a man sitting on a bench with a toothbrush in his mouth. Additionally, there are scenes of a man and a woman sitting on a couch, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, and a man sitting on a bench with a toothbrush in his mouth.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man brushing his teeth, and a woman standing in front of a mirror. These events are repeated throughout the video.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video starts with a man and a woman sitting on a beach, and then the woman walks into the ocean. The man then brushes his teeth while sitting on the beach.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man and a woman sitting on a beach, followed by a man brushing his teeth in a bathroom. The woman is then shown brushing her teeth in front of a mirror, and the man is shown brushing his teeth again. The woman is then shown brushing her teeth in the bathroom again. The video ends with the man and woman sitting on the beach again.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man brushing his teeth in the ocean, and a woman dancing in a dress. The video also includes a scene where a man is seen in a bathtub with a woman, and a man is seen in a shower with a woman.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a man and a woman sitting on a bench, followed by a man brushing his teeth in front of a mirror. The woman then brushes her teeth in the same manner. The man then sits on a toilet and brushes his teeth, followed by the woman. The man then brushes his teeth in the shower, and the woman does the same. The man then brushes his teeth in the ocean, and the woman does the same. The video ends with the man and woman sitting on a bench.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""00:00:00 - The video begins with a man and a woman sitting on a beach."
00:00:10 - The man is seen brushing his teeth.
00:00:20 - The woman is shown brushing her teeth.
00:00:30 - The man is shown brushing his teeth again.
00:00:40 - The woman is shown brushing her teeth again.
00:00:50 - The man is shown brushing his teeth again.
00:00:60 - The woman is shown brushing her teeth again.
00:00:70 - The man is shown brushing his teeth again.
00:00:80 - The woman is shown brushing her teeth again.
00:00:90 - The man is shown brushing his teeth again.
"00:00:99 - The video ends with the credits.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man laying down tiles on the floor of a room. He uses a tool to measure the floor and cuts the tiles to fit. He then lays down the tiles and uses a tool to press them down.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a close-up shot of a blue surface, followed by a person laying down tiles on the floor. The camera then pans to show the person using a tool to cut the tiles and laying them down on the floor. The video ends with a shot of the finished floor.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a man laying down tiles on the floor, a person using a tool to cut wood, and a person using a tool to cut a piece of wood. The video also shows a person using a tool to cut a piece of wood and a person using a tool to cut a piece of wood.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video showcases different spatio-temporal contexts, including a room with a blue carpet, a room with a green carpet, and a room with a wooden floor. The video also features a person walking on a carpeted floor and a person standing on a carpeted floor. Additionally, a person is seen standing on a wooden floor with a box of tiles.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man laying down tiles on the floor, and then he uses a tool to flatten them out. The video also shows a close-up of the tiles and a person walking on them.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person laying down cardboard on the floor, measuring it, and then putting tiles on top of it. The person also cuts the tiles and uses a tool to put them in place.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person using a tool to push down on a board, and then using a hammer to drive nails into the board. These actions are repeated multiple times throughout the video.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person laying down tiles on the floor, measuring and cutting them to fit, and then placing them on the floor. The person also uses a tool to press the tiles down and smooth them out.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a blue screen displaying the title of the video. Then, a man is shown laying down tiles on the floor. The camera pans around the room, showing the tiles being laid down. The man continues to lay down the tiles, and the camera pans around the room again. The video ends with a blue screen displaying the title of the video.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a man laying down tiles on the floor, and the camera captures the process from different angles. The man is seen using a tool to measure the floor and then laying down the tiles. The video also shows the man using a hammer to fix the tiles in place.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A person is seen laying down cardboard on the floor."
2. The person then lays down a rug on top of the cardboard.
3. The person measures the rug and cuts it to fit the space.
4. The person then nails the rug down.
"5. The video ends with a shot of the finished floor.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a blue screen displaying the title of the video."
0:00:10 - A man is shown laying down tiles on the floor.
0:00:20 - The man is seen cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:00:30 - The man is shown laying down tiles on the floor.
0:00:40 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:00:50 - The man is shown laying down tiles on the floor.
0:00:60 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:00:70 - The man is shown laying down tiles on the floor.
0:00:80 - The man is shown cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
"0:00:90 - The video ends with a blue screen displaying the title of the video.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are seen cutting up ingredients and putting them on a plate.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a man standing in a kitchen and washing dishes. He then proceeds to cut up vegetables and puts them in a bowl. After that, he washes the dishes again and puts them away.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,The video shows a man in a kitchen preparing food. He is seen cutting up a piece of meat and putting it on a plate. He then proceeds to cut up a vegetable and puts it on the plate as well. The man then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of wood. He then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. The man then takes a towel and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife and cuts up a piece of meat. The man then takes a bowl and puts it on the counter. He then takes a knife,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a man in a kitchen preparing food. He is seen cutting up a piece of food on a cutting board, washing dishes in the sink, and putting a plate of food on the table. The video also shows a person walking down a hallway and a man standing in front of a counter with a bowl of food.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a person peeling a potato with a knife and then placing it in a sink. The person then proceeds to wash the potato and places it on a plate. The video ends with the person walking away from the sink.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink, drying them with a towel, and placing them on a rack. The person also cuts a piece of wood with a knife and places it in a dishwasher.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person washing dishes in a sink, drying them with a towel, and putting them away in a cabinet. The person also uses a knife to cut a piece of wood and a bowl to mix ingredients.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a person peeling a potato with a knife and then placing it in a sink. They then proceed to wash the potato and dry it with a towel.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,The video starts with a man standing in a kitchen and then proceeds to show him washing dishes in the sink. He then dries his hands and puts the dishes away in the cabinets. The video ends with the man sitting at the table and eating.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a man in a yellow apron standing in a kitchen and using a knife to cut a piece of wood. He then places the wood in a sink and rinses it with water.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man is seen standing in a kitchen, holding a knife and a peeler."
2. He proceeds to peel a potato and places it in a sink.
3. The man then proceeds to peel another potato and places it in the sink.
4. He then peels a third potato and places it in the sink.
5. The man then proceeds to cut the potatoes into slices and places them on a plate.
6. He then proceeds to cut the potatoes into strips and places them on a plate.
7. The man then proceeds to cut the potatoes into cubes and places them on a plate.
8. He then proceeds to cut the potatoes into rectangles and places them on a plate.
9. The man then proceeds to cut the potatoes into circles and places them on a plate.
"10. He then proceeds to cut the potatoes into stars and places them on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00 - The video begins with a man standing in a kitchen."
0:10 - The man is seen washing dishes in the sink.
0:20 - He takes a dish out of the dishwasher and places it on the counter.
0:30 - The man is seen cutting a piece of wood with a knife.
0:40 - He places the cut wood on a plate and puts it in the dishwasher.
0:50 - The man is seen washing a knife in the sink.
0:60 - He places the knife on the counter.
0:70 - The man is seen washing a bowl in the sink.
0:80 - He places the bowl on the counter.
0:90 - The man is seen washing a plate in the sink.
1:00 - He places the plate on the counter.
1:10 - The man is seen washing a cup in the sink.
1:20 - He places the cup on the counter.
1:30 - The man is seen washing a spoon in the sink.
1:40 - He places the spoon on the counter.
1:50 - The man is seen washing a fork in the sink.
1:60 - He places the fork on the counter.
1:70 - The man is seen washing a bottle in the sink.
1:80 - He places the bottle on the counter.
1:90 - The man is seen washing a plate in the sink.
2:00 - He places the plate on the counter.
2:10 - The man is seen washing a bowl in the sink.
2:20 - He places the bowl on the counter.
2:30 - The man is seen washing a cup in the sink.
2:40 - He places the cup on the counter.
2:50 - The man is seen washing a spoon in the sink.
2:60 - He places the spoon on the counter.
2:70 - The man is seen washing a fork in the sink.
2:80 - He places the fork on the counter.
2:90 - The man is seen washing a bottle in the sink.
3:00 - He places the bottle on the counter.
3:10 - The man is seen washing a plate in the sink.
3:20 - He places the plate on the counter.
3:30 - The man is seen washing a bowl in the sink.
3:40 - He places the bowl on the counter.
3:50 - The man is seen washing a cup in the sink.
3:60 - He places the cup on the counter.
3:70 - The man is seen washing a spoon in the sink.
3:80 - He places the spoon on the counter.
3:90 - The man is seen washing a fork in the sink.
4:00 - He places the fork on the counter.
4:10 - The man is seen washing a bottle in the sink.
4:20 - He places the bottle on the counter.
4:30 - The man is seen washing a plate in the sink.
4:40 - He places the plate on the counter.
4:50 - The man is seen washing a bowl in the sink.
4:60 - He places the bowl on the counter.
4:70 - The man is seen washing a cup in the sink.
4:80 - He places the cup on the counter.
4:90 - The man is seen washing a spoon in the sink.
5:00 - He places the spoon on the counter.
5:10 - The man is seen washing a fork in the sink.
5:20 - He places the fork on the counter.
5:30 - The man is seen washing a bottle in the sink.
5:40 - He places the bottle on the counter.
5:50 - The man is seen washing a plate in the sink.
5:60 - He places the plate on the counter.
5:70 - The man is seen washing a bowl in the sink.
5:80 - He places the bowl on the counter.
5:90 - The man is seen washing a cup in the sink.
"6:00 - He places"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person opening a bag of oatmeal, pouring it into a container, and then pouring water into the container. The person then closes the container and puts it in the fridge.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a person walking into the frame and opening a bag of baking ingredients. They then proceed to mix the ingredients together and pour the mixture into a mold. Afterward, they put the mold into the oven and bake the mixture. Finally, they take the mold out of the oven and place it on a table.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,The video shows a person walking into a kitchen and opening a drawer. They then proceed to mix ingredients together and pour them into a mug. The person then proceeds to wash the mug and utensils in the sink.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a cake in a kitchen. The person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl, pouring the mixture into a cake pan, and placing it in the oven. The video also shows the person taking the cake out of the oven and placing it on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person pouring a liquid into a mug, stirring it, and then drinking from the mug.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person opening a bag of oatmeal, pouring it into a container, and then pouring water into the container. The person then closes the container and puts it in the fridge.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person using a plastic container to store food, pouring milk into a bowl, and using a spoon to eat the food. The person also uses a knife to cut a piece of food and a spoon to eat it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person opening a bag of oatmeal, pouring it into a container, and then pouring water into the container. The person then closes the container and puts it in the fridge.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a person walking into the frame and opening a bag of oats. They then pour the oats into a measuring cup and add milk to it. After that, they pour the mixture into a bowl and mix it well. Finally, they pour the oatmeal into a mug and eat it.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a person mixing ingredients in a bowl, pouring the mixture into a mold, and then placing the mold in the oven. The person then takes the mold out of the oven and shows off the finished product.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""The video begins with a person opening a bag of oats and pouring them into a measuring cup. They then pour the oats into a blender and blend them. Afterward, the person pours the oats into a strainer and rinses them with water. Finally, they pour the oats into a mug and add milk to it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A person is seen walking into a kitchen."
0:00:10 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:00:20 - The person is seen pouring something into a mug.
0:00:30 - The person is shown putting a lid on the mug.
0:00:40 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:00:50 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:01:00 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:01:10 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:01:20 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:01:30 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:01:40 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:01:50 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:02:00 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:02:10 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:02:20 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:02:30 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:02:40 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:02:50 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:03:00 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:03:10 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:03:20 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:03:30 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:03:40 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:03:50 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:04:00 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:04:10 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:04:20 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:04:30 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:04:40 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:04:50 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:05:00 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:05:10 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:05:20 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:05:30 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:05:40 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:05:50 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:06:00 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:06:10 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:06:20 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:06:30 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:06:40 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:06:50 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:07:00 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:07:10 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:07:20 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:07:30 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:07:40 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:07:50 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:08:00 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
0:08:10 - The person is shown putting a box on the table.
0:08:20 - The person is seen putting a box on the table.
"0:0"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a person washing a mug and a glass with a black cloth and then drying them with a paper towel.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video starts with a person sitting at a table and then proceeds to show the person washing a cup and a glass with a black cloth. The person then rinses the cloth under the tap and places it on the table.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a person washing dishes in a sink, and then drying them with a towel. The person then proceeds to wash a glass with a liquid and places it on the table. The video also shows a person washing a cup with a liquid and placing it on the table.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person cleaning a mug with a black cloth and a sponge, followed by a person washing a glass with a sponge and a towel. The person then cleans the table with a towel and a sponge. The video also shows a person washing a glass with a towel and a sponge, and a person washing a glass with a towel and a sponge.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person washing dishes in a sink. They start by washing a cup and a glass, then move on to wash a bowl and a spoon. After that, they wash a bottle and a cup. Finally, they rinse the dishes and put them on a drying rack.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person washing a mug in a sink, rinsing it with water, and then drying it with a towel.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a person washing dishes and a glass of water being poured into a sink. The person also wipes down the counter and washes a cup.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a person cleaning a mug with a black cloth and then rinsing it with water. They then dry the mug with a towel and put it on the table.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a person sitting at a table and then proceeds to show the person washing a cup and a glass with a black cloth. The person then proceeds to wash a knife and a spoon with the same cloth. After that, the person washes a bowl with the same cloth. Finally, the person washes a bottle with the same cloth.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a person cleaning a mug with a black cloth and then rinsing it with water. The person then dries the mug with a towel and places it on the table.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man is seen standing in front of a table with a cup and a black cloth."
2. He pours water into the cup and then proceeds to scrub the table with the cloth.
3. After scrubbing, he rinses the cloth and places it on the table.
4. He then pours the water from the cup into the sink.
"5. The man finishes by wiping the table with a towel.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A person is seen washing dishes in a sink."
0:00:30 - The person puts a cup on the counter.
0:00:45 - The person washes a glass with a sponge.
0:00:55 - The person puts the glass on the counter.
0:01:00 - The person washes a bowl with a sponge.
0:01:15 - The person puts the bowl on the counter.
0:01:25 - The person washes a cup with a sponge.
0:01:40 - The person puts the cup on the counter.
0:01:50 - The person washes a glass with a sponge.
0:02:00 - The person puts the glass on the counter.
0:02:10 - The person washes a bowl with a sponge.
0:02:25 - The person puts the bowl on the counter.
0:02:35 - The person washes a cup with a sponge.
0:02:45 - The person puts the cup on the counter.
0:02:55 - The person washes a glass with a sponge.
0:03:00 - The person puts the glass on the counter.
0:03:10 - The person washes a bowl with a sponge.
0:03:25 - The person puts the bowl on the counter.
0:03:35 - The person washes a cup with a sponge.
0:03:45 - The person puts the cup on the counter.
0:03:55 - The person washes a glass with a sponge.
0:04:00 - The person puts the glass on the counter.
0:04:10 - The person washes a bowl with a sponge.
0:04:25 - The person puts the bowl on the counter.
0:04:35 - The person washes a cup with a sponge.
0:04:45 - The person puts the cup on the counter.
0:04:55 - The person washes a glass with a sponge.
0:05:00 - The person puts the glass on the counter.
0:05:10 - The person washes a bowl with a sponge.
0:05:25 - The person puts the bowl on the counter.
0:05:35 - The person washes a cup with a sponge.
0:05:45 - The person puts the cup on the counter.
0:05:55 - The person washes a glass with a sponge.
0:06:00 - The person puts the glass on the counter.
0:06:10 - The person washes a bowl with a sponge.
0:06:25 - The person puts the bowl on the counter.
0:06:35 - The person washes a cup with a sponge.
0:06:45 - The person puts the cup on the counter.
0:06:55 - The person washes a glass with a sponge.
0:07:00 - The person puts the glass on the counter.
0:07:10 - The person washes a bowl with a sponge.
0:07:25 - The person puts the bowl on the counter.
0:07:35 - The person washes a cup with a sponge.
0:07:45 - The person puts the cup on the counter.
0:07:55 - The person washes a glass with a sponge.
0:08:00 - The person puts the glass on the counter.
0:08:10 - The person washes a bowl with a sponge.
0:08:25 - The person puts the bowl on the counter.
0:08:35 - The person washes a cup with a sponge.
0:08:45 - The person puts the cup on the counter.
0:08:55 - The person washes a glass with a sponge.
"0:09:00 - The person puts"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man washing dishes in a sink. He uses a sponge to clean a pan and a knife, and then rinses them off in the sink.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a man washing dishes in a sink. He then proceeds to wash a pan and a knife in the sink. After that, he washes a bowl and a cup in the sink. Finally, he washes a spoon in the sink.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a man washing dishes in a kitchen sink. He starts by washing a pot and a pan, then moves on to wash a knife and a spoon. He then rinses the dishes and places them on a wooden table. The video captures the man's actions as he goes about his daily routine of washing dishes.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a man washing dishes in a kitchen sink, with a wooden table and chairs visible in the background. The man is seen washing a pot and a pan, and then drying them with a towel. The video also shows a wooden table with a candle on it, and a person standing in front of a table with a candle.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a man washing dishes in a sink. He starts by washing a pot and a pan, then moves on to wash a knife and a spoon. After that, he washes a bowl and a cup. Finally, he turns off the water and dries his hands.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a man washing dishes in a sink, using a brush to scrub them clean. He then rinses the dishes and places them on a drying rack.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man washing dishes in a sink, using a sponge to clean them. He also uses a brush to clean the sink and a toothbrush to clean a bowl. The video also shows a person washing their hands in a sink and a man standing in front of a table with a bowl.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a man washing dishes in a sink. He starts by washing a pot and a pan, then moves on to wash a knife and a spoon. He then rinses the dishes and places them on a drying rack.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man washing dishes in a sink. He then proceeds to wash a pan and a knife in the sink. After that, he washes a bowl and a cup in the sink. Finally, he washes a spoon in the sink. The video ends with the man turning off the faucet and leaving the sink.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a man washing dishes in a sink, using a brush to scrub them clean. He then rinses the dishes and places them on a drying rack.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man washes dishes in a sink."
2. He puts a pan in the sink and washes it.
3. He puts a bowl in the sink and washes it.
4. He puts a cup in the sink and washes it.
5. He puts a spoon in the sink and washes it.
6. He puts a bottle in the sink and washes it.
7. He puts a plate in the sink and washes it.
8. He puts a knife in the sink and washes it.
9. He puts a fork in the sink and washes it.
10. He puts a cup in the sink and washes it.
11. He puts a bowl in the sink and washes it.
12. He puts a pan in the sink and washes it.
13. He puts a spoon in the sink and washes it.
14. He puts a bottle in the sink and washes it.
15. He puts a plate in the sink and washes it.
16. He puts a knife in the sink and washes it.
17. He puts a fork in the sink and washes it.
18. He puts a cup in the sink and washes it.
19. He puts a bowl in the sink and washes it.
20. He puts a pan in the sink and washes it.
21. He puts a spoon in the sink and washes it.
22. He puts a bottle in the sink and washes it.
23. He puts a plate in the sink and washes it.
24. He puts a knife in the sink and washes it.
25. He puts a fork in the sink and washes it.
26. He puts a cup in the sink and washes it.
27. He puts a bowl in the sink and washes it.
28. He puts a pan in the sink and washes it.
29. He puts a spoon in the sink and washes it.
30. He puts a bottle in the sink and washes it.
31. He puts a plate in the sink and washes it.
32. He puts a knife in the sink and washes it.
33. He puts a fork in the sink and washes it.
34. He puts a cup in the sink and washes it.
35. He puts a bowl in the sink and washes it.
36. He puts a pan in the sink and washes it.
37. He puts a spoon in the sink and washes it.
38. He puts a bottle in the sink and washes it.
39. He puts a plate in the sink and washes it.
40. He puts a knife in the sink and washes it.
41. He puts a fork in the sink and washes it.
42. He puts a cup in the sink and washes it.
43. He puts a bowl in the sink and washes it.
44. He puts a pan in the sink and washes it.
45. He puts a spoon in the sink and washes it.
46. He puts a bottle in the sink and washes it.
47. He puts a plate in the sink and washes it.
48. He puts a knife in the sink and washes it.
49. He puts a fork in the sink and washes it.
"50. He puts a cup in the sink and washes it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a close-up shot of a table with a bowl of fruit on it."
0:00:10 - The camera then pans to a man who is standing in front of a sink.
0:00:20 - The man begins washing dishes in the sink.
0:00:30 - He washes a pot and a pan in the sink.
0:00:40 - He washes a knife in the sink.
0:00:50 - He washes a spoon in the sink.
0:00:60 - He washes a fork in the sink.
0:00:70 - He washes a cup in the sink.
0:00:80 - He washes a bowl in the sink.
0:00:90 - He washes a plate in the sink.
"0:01:00 - The video ends with the man finishing washing the dishes.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a woman cleaning a kitchen floor with a mop and a toothbrush. She also cleans a sink with a toothbrush and a sponge.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a person walking into a kitchen and opening the fridge. They then proceed to wash dishes in the sink, including a knife, a spoon, and a bowl. After washing the dishes, the person puts them away in the cabinets.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a woman in a kitchen, where she is seen cutting a loaf of bread with a knife. She then proceeds to make a sandwich by spreading butter on the bread and adding jam. The woman then takes a bite of the sandwich and continues to make another sandwich. The video captures the woman's actions in the kitchen, including her preparation of the sandwiches and her enjoyment of the food.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a woman in a kitchen, where she is seen cutting a loaf of bread with a knife and putting butter on it. She then proceeds to make a sandwich and puts it on a plate. The video also shows a blurry image of a person walking down a hallway and a blurry image of a person sitting on a bed.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a person cleaning a counter with a sponge and a toothbrush. They also put a bowl on the counter and put a knife in a bag. The person then puts the knife in a drawer and puts the bag on the counter.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a woman cleaning a kitchen floor with a mop and a toothbrush. She also cleans a sink with a toothbrush and a sponge. Additionally, she is seen holding a knife and a bowl of food.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink, using a sponge and a knife to clean them. The person also uses a toothbrush to clean the sink and a towel to dry it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a person cleaning a counter with a sponge and a toothbrush. They then proceed to make a sandwich and cut it into four pieces.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a person walking into the frame and then proceeds to show a woman cleaning the kitchen floor with a mop. The woman then proceeds to clean the countertops and the sink with a sponge. After that, she puts the mop in a bucket and continues to clean the floor. Finally, she finishes by wiping down the countertops and the sink.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a woman cleaning a kitchen counter and sink using a sponge and a toothbrush. She also uses a knife to cut a piece of bread and a bowl to mix ingredients. The video ends with the woman finishing the cleaning and leaving the kitchen.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The woman is seen standing in a kitchen with a knife in her hand."
2. She then proceeds to cut a loaf of bread.
3. After cutting the bread, she puts it in a bowl.
4. The woman then proceeds to cut a cake.
5. She then puts the cake in a bag.
6. The woman then proceeds to cut a sandwich.
7. She then puts the sandwich in a bag.
8. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of meat.
9. She then puts the meat in a bag.
10. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of cheese.
11. She then puts the cheese in a bag.
12. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of fruit.
13. She then puts the fruit in a bag.
14. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of bread.
15. She then puts the bread in a bag.
16. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of meat.
17. She then puts the meat in a bag.
18. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of cheese.
19. She then puts the cheese in a bag.
20. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of fruit.
21. She then puts the fruit in a bag.
22. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of bread.
23. She then puts the bread in a bag.
24. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of meat.
25. She then puts the meat in a bag.
26. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of cheese.
27. She then puts the cheese in a bag.
28. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of fruit.
29. She then puts the fruit in a bag.
30. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of bread.
31. She then puts the bread in a bag.
32. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of meat.
33. She then puts the meat in a bag.
34. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of cheese.
35. She then puts the cheese in a bag.
36. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of fruit.
37. She then puts the fruit in a bag.
38. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of bread.
39. She then puts the bread in a bag.
40. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of meat.
41. She then puts the meat in a bag.
42. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of cheese.
43. She then puts the cheese in a bag.
44. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of fruit.
45. She then puts the fruit in a bag.
46. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of bread.
47. She then puts the bread in a bag.
48. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of meat.
49. She then puts the meat in a bag.
50. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of cheese.
51. She then puts the cheese in a bag.
52. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of fruit.
53. She then puts the fruit in a bag.
54. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of bread.
55. She then puts the bread in a bag.
56. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of meat.
57. She then puts the meat in a bag.
58. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of cheese.
59. She then puts the cheese in a bag.
60. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of fruit.
61. She then puts the fruit in a bag.
62. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of bread.
63. She then puts the bread in a bag.
64. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of meat.
65. She then puts the meat in a bag.
66. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of cheese.
67. She then puts the cheese in a bag.
68. The woman then proceeds to cut a piece of fruit.
69. She then puts the fruit in a bag.
"70. The woman then"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a person walking into a kitchen."
0:00:10 - The person opens the fridge and takes out a container of butter.
0:00:20 - The person takes out a knife and begins to spread the butter on a slice of bread.
0:00:30 - The person takes a bite of the sandwich.
0:00:40 - The person takes out a bowl and begins to wash it.
0:00:50 - The person takes out a sponge and begins to clean the sink.
0:01:00 - The person takes out a towel and begins to dry the sink.
0:01:10 - The person takes out a toothbrush and begins to clean the sink.
0:01:20 - The person takes out a towel and begins to dry the sink.
0:01:30 - The person takes out a towel and begins to dry the sink.
0:01:40 - The person takes out a towel and begins to dry the sink.
0:01:50 - The person takes out a towel and begins to dry the sink.
"0:02:00 - The person takes out a towel and begins to dry the sink.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a person cleaning a kitchen floor using a vacuum cleaner. They start by vacuuming the floor near the sink and then move on to the floor near the refrigerator. The person also vacuums the floor in the corner of the room.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a person cleaning a kitchen floor with a mop and bucket. They start by mopping the floor and then move on to cleaning the countertops. The person also cleans the sink and the dishwasher.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a person cleaning a kitchen floor using a vacuum cleaner. The person is seen moving around the kitchen, cleaning various items such as a sink, a counter, and a table. The person also cleans a box of tissues and a trash can. The video provides a glimpse into the daily activities of a person cleaning a kitchen.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a woman in a kitchen, where she is seen cleaning and organizing various items. She is seen using a vacuum cleaner to clean the floor, and later, she is seen using a mop to clean the floor. The video also shows a white washing machine in the kitchen.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person using a mop to clean a kitchen floor. The person is seen mopping the floor in a back and forth motion, and the camera captures the person's movements as they clean. The video ends with the person finishing the mopping and turning off the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a person cleaning a kitchen floor using a vacuum cleaner. They start by vacuuming the floor near the sink and then move on to the floor near the refrigerator. The person also vacuums the floor in the corner of the room.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person using a mop to clean a floor, and then using a towel to dry it. The person also uses a vacuum cleaner to clean the floor.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person cleaning a kitchen floor using a vacuum cleaner. They start by vacuuming the floor near the sink and then move on to the floor near the refrigerator. The person then vacuums the floor in the corner of the room and moves on to the floor near the oven. Finally, they vacuum the floor near the dishwasher.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a person walking into the frame and picking up a box. The person then proceeds to open the box and pours its contents into a sink. After that, the person washes the dishes and puts them away. The video ends with the person walking out of the frame.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a person cleaning a kitchen floor using a mop and bucket. They also use a vacuum cleaner to clean the floor.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The person enters the kitchen and begins to clean it."
2. They use a vacuum cleaner to clean the floor.
3. They use a mop to clean the floor.
4. They use a broom to clean the floor.
5. They use a towel to clean the floor.
6. They use a sponge to clean the floor.
7. They use a brush to clean the floor.
8. They use a cloth to clean the floor.
9. They use a bucket to clean the floor.
10. They use a toilet brush to clean the floor.
11. They use a toilet bowl cleaner to clean the floor.
12. They use a toilet brush to clean the floor.
13. They use a toilet bowl cleaner to clean the floor.
14. They use a toilet brush to clean the floor.
15. They use a toilet bowl cleaner to clean the floor.
16. They use a toilet brush to clean the floor.
17. They use a toilet bowl cleaner to clean the floor.
18. They use a toilet brush to clean the floor.
19. They use a toilet bowl cleaner to clean the floor.
20. They use a toilet brush to clean the floor.
21. They use a toilet bowl cleaner to clean the floor.
22. They use a toilet brush to clean the floor.
23. They use a toilet bowl cleaner to clean the floor.
24. They use a toilet brush to clean the floor.
25. They use a toilet bowl cleaner to clean the floor.
26. They use a toilet brush to clean the floor.
27. They use a toilet bowl cleaner to clean the floor.
28. They use a toilet brush to clean the floor.
29. They use a toilet bowl cleaner to clean the floor.
"30. They use a toilet brush to clean the floor.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a view of a kitchen floor."
0:00:10 - A person enters the frame and starts walking towards the camera.
0:00:20 - The person picks up a box and begins to open it.
0:00:30 - The person takes out a bottle of baking soda and pours it into a washing machine.
0:00:40 - The person closes the washing machine door and begins to walk away.
"0:00:50 - The video ends.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a meal in a kitchen. They chop onions on a cutting board, mix them with other ingredients in a bowl, and then cook them in a pan. The video ends with the person taking a bite of the food.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video starts with a person walking into the frame and then proceeds to show a woman cutting up meat and vegetables on a cutting board. She then adds the ingredients to a pan and cooks them. The video ends with the woman taking a bite of the food.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They start by cutting up meat and vegetables on a cutting board, then mix them together in a bowl. They then pour the mixture into a pan and cook it on the stove. Finally, they serve the food on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is seen cutting onions on a cutting board, adding them to a pan with meat, and stirring the mixture. The video also shows the person cutting a cake and a piece of meat on a cutting board. The person is seen standing in front of a refrigerator and a microwave, and there is a blue mat on the floor.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person cutting onions on a cutting board, adding them to a pan with meat, and stirring the mixture. The person then adds more ingredients to the pan and stirs them together.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a person preparing a meal by cutting onions and adding them to a pan with meat. They then stir the mixture and add more ingredients to the pan. The video also shows the person cutting up food on a cutting board and cooking it in a pan.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person cutting onions on a cutting board, adding them to a pan with meat, and stirring the mixture. The person also adds more ingredients to the pan and stirs them.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person cutting up meat and vegetables on a cutting board, cooking them in a pan, and then serving them on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,The video starts with a person walking into the frame and then proceeds to show a woman cutting up meat and vegetables on a cutting board. She then adds the ingredients to a pan and cooks them. The video ends with the woman taking a bite of the food.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a person preparing a meal by cutting onions and adding them to a pan with meat. They then mix everything together and serve it on a plate.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The person is seen cutting onions on a cutting board."
2. They add the chopped onions to a pan with meat.
3. The person stirs the meat and onions in the pan.
4. They add tomatoes and spices to the pan.
5. The person stirs the mixture in the pan.
6. The person adds salt and pepper to the mixture.
7. The person tastes the mixture and adds more salt and pepper if needed.
"8. The person serves the mixture on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a person walking into the frame and looking around the kitchen."
0:00:10 - The person picks up a knife and begins cutting onions on a cutting board.
0:00:20 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:00:30 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:00:40 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:00:50 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:01:00 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:01:10 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:01:20 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:01:30 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:01:40 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:01:50 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:02:00 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:02:10 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:02:20 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:02:30 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:02:40 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:02:50 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:03:00 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:03:10 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:03:20 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:03:30 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:03:40 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:03:50 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:04:00 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:04:10 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:04:20 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:04:30 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:04:40 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:04:50 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:05:00 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:05:10 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:05:20 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:05:30 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:05:40 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:05:50 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:06:00 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:06:10 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:06:20 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:06:30 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:06:40 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
0:06:50 - The person adds more ingredients to the cutting board and continues cutting.
"0:07:00 - The person adds"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen. They are seen cutting meat and vegetables on a cutting board, cooking them in a pan on the stove, and stirring them with a wooden spoon. The person also adds seasoning to the mixture and stirs it again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a person walking into the kitchen and putting a pot on the stove. Then, the person adds ingredients to the pot and stirs them. After that, the person puts the pot on the stove and turns it on. Finally, the person takes the pot off the stove and puts it on the floor.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen. They are seen cutting meat and vegetables on a cutting board, cooking them in a pan on the stove, and stirring them with a wooden spoon. The person also adds seasoning to the mixture and stirs it again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen with a focus on the preparation of a dish. The person is seen cutting meat and vegetables on a cutting board, cooking them in a pan on the stove, and stirring the ingredients. The video also shows the person walking around the kitchen and looking at the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen. They are seen stirring a pot on the stove and adding more ingredients to it. The person then proceeds to cut up meat and adds it to the pot. They continue to stir the pot and add more ingredients to it. The video ends with the person taking a bite of the food.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen. They are seen cutting meat on a cutting board, frying it in a pan, and stirring it with a wooden spoon. The person also adds seasoning and stirs it again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen, stirring a pot on the stove, and cutting meat on a cutting board. The person also uses a spoon to stir the pot and a knife to cut the meat.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen. They start by cutting up meat and adding it to a pan with some oil. Then, they add some vegetables and stir everything together. Finally, they serve the food on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a person walking into the kitchen and putting a pot on the stove. Then, the person adds some ingredients to the pot and stirs them. After that, the person puts the pot on the stove and turns it on. The person then takes the pot off the stove and puts it on the counter. Finally, the person takes the pot off the counter and puts it back on the stove.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen, adding ingredients to a pan, stirring them, and then serving the food on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a close-up shot of a kitchen floor, followed by a person walking into the frame."
2. The person is seen cutting meat on a stove, and then proceeds to cook it in a pan.
3. The person adds seasoning to the meat and stirs it.
"4. The person then serves the meat on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a view of a kitchen floor."
0:00:10 - A person enters the kitchen and walks towards the stove.
0:00:20 - The person turns on the stove and places a pot on it.
0:00:30 - The person adds ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:00:40 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:00:50 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:01:00 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:01:10 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:01:20 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:01:30 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:01:40 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:01:50 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:02:00 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:02:10 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:02:20 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:02:30 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:02:40 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:02:50 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:03:00 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:03:10 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:03:20 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:03:30 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:03:40 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:03:50 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:04:00 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:04:10 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:04:20 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:04:30 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:04:40 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:04:50 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:05:00 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:05:10 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:05:20 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:05:30 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:05:40 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:05:50 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:06:00 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:06:10 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:06:20 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:06:30 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:06:40 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
0:06:50 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them.
"0:07:00 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs them."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person washing dishes in a sink. They use a blue bowl to wash a white plate and a white cup, and then rinse them off in the sink.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a person washing dishes in a sink. They then proceed to wash a white bowl and a white plate in the sink. After that, they wash a white cup and a white pot in the sink. The person then washes a white strainer and a white colander in the sink. Finally, they wash a white strainer in the sink.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a person washing dishes in a sink. They start by washing a white bowl and a white plate, then move on to wash a white cup and a white pot. After that, they wash a white strainer and a white colander. The person then moves on to wash a white sink and a white dish rack. Finally, they wash a white towel and a white sponge.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink. The person is seen washing a white bowl, a white plate, and a white cup. The person also washes a white strainer and a white colander. The video captures the person's actions in a kitchen setting, with a focus on the sink and the dishes being washed.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person washing dishes in a sink. They start by washing a white bowl and a white plate, then move on to wash a white cup and a white pot. After that, they wash a white strainer and a white colander. Finally, they wash a white strainer and a white colander again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person washing dishes in a sink, using a blue bowl to wash a white plate, and then washing a white cup. The person also uses a blue bowl to wash a white plate and a white cup. Additionally, the person washes a white bowl and a white cup in the sink.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person washing dishes in a sink, using a sponge to clean them. The person also uses a blue bowl to rinse the dishes. The video also shows a person washing their hands in the sink.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person washing dishes in a sink. They start by washing a white plate and then move on to wash a white bowl. After that, they wash a white cup and a white pot. The person then moves on to wash a white strainer and a white colander. Finally, they wash a white strainer again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a person washing dishes in a sink. The person then proceeds to wash a white bowl and a white plate in the sink. After that, the person washes a white cup and a white pot in the sink. The person then washes a white strainer and a white colander in the sink. Finally, the person washes a white strainer in the sink.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a person washing dishes in a sink, using a sponge to clean them. They also use a blue bowl to rinse the dishes and put them in a dishwasher. The video ends with the person turning off the sink using a towel.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The person enters the kitchen and turns on the sink."
2. They put a container under the sink and fill it with water.
3. They put a bowl in the sink and add detergent.
4. They scrub the dishes with a sponge.
5. They rinse the dishes in the sink.
6. They put the clean dishes in a dish rack.
"7. They turn off the sink and wipe the counter.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a person walking into the kitchen and turning on the sink."
0:00:10 - The person washes dishes in the sink.
0:00:20 - The person puts a bowl in the sink.
0:00:30 - The person washes the bowl.
0:00:40 - The person puts a pot in the sink.
0:00:50 - The person washes the pot.
0:00:60 - The person puts a cup in the sink.
0:00:70 - The person washes the cup.
0:00:80 - The person puts a strainer in the sink.
0:00:90 - The person washes the strainer.
"0:01:00 - The person turns off the sink.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a person peeling lemons and cutting them into slices on a cutting board. They then put the slices into a bowl and mix them with sugar.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a person walking into a kitchen and turning on the oven. Then, the person is seen peeling lemons and cutting them into slices. After that, the person puts the slices into a bowl and adds sugar to it. Finally, the person puts the bowl on the stove and boils the mixture.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They start by cutting a potato and putting it in a bowl of water. Then, they cut a lemon in half and squeeze it into the same bowl. After that, they put the potato in a blender and blend it. Finally, they pour the blended potato into a strainer and rinse it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is seen cutting lemons on a cutting board, squeezing the juice into a cup, and then pouring the juice into a pot on the stove. The person also uses a knife to cut a potato and a bowl to mix ingredients. The video provides a glimpse into the process of food preparation in a kitchen setting.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person peeling lemons and cutting them into slices on a cutting board. They then put the slices into a bowl and mix them with sugar. The person then pours the mixture into a pot and puts it on the stove. Finally, they pour the mixture into a jar and put it in the fridge.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person peeling lemons and cutting them into slices on a cutting board. They then transfer the slices to a bowl and mix them with sugar. The person then pours the mixture into a pot and boils it. Finally, they pour the mixture into a strainer and squeeze the lemons.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a person peeling lemons and cutting them into slices on a cutting board. The person then squeezes the juice from the lemons into a measuring cup and pours it into a pot on the stove. The person also uses a knife to cut a potato and a piece of wood.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person peeling lemons and cutting them into slices on a cutting board. They then transfer the slices to a bowl and mix them with sugar. The person then pours the mixture into a pot and stirs it. Finally, they pour the mixture into a glass and drink it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a person walking into a kitchen and turning on the oven. Then, the person is seen cutting a potato and squeezing it into a bowl. After that, the person is shown cutting a lemon into a bowl and squeezing it. The person then proceeds to cut the potato into small pieces and puts it in a bowl. Finally, the person pours the potato and lemon into a strainer and squeezes the juice out of the lemon.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a person peeling lemons and cutting them into slices on a cutting board. They then transfer the slices to a bowl and mix them with sugar. The person then pours the mixture into a pot and boils it until it reaches a syrupy consistency. Finally, they pour the lemon syrup into a jar and store it in the fridge.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The person enters the kitchen and turns on the oven."
2. They put a pot on the stove and put a pan on the counter.
3. They peel a lemon into a bowl.
4. They put the lemon peels into the pot on the stove.
5. They put a potato in a bowl.
6. They cut the potato into slices.
7. They put the slices into the pot.
8. They put a lid on the pot.
9. They turn on the stove.
10. They put a potato in a bowl.
11. They cut the potato into slices.
12. They put the slices into the pot.
13. They put a lid on the pot.
14. They turn on the stove.
15. They put a potato in a bowl.
16. They cut the potato into slices.
17. They put the slices into the pot.
18. They put a lid on the pot.
19. They turn on the stove.
20. They put a potato in a bowl.
21. They cut the potato into slices.
22. They put the slices into the pot.
23. They put a lid on the pot.
24. They turn on the stove.
25. They put a potato in a bowl.
26. They cut the potato into slices.
27. They put the slices into the pot.
28. They put a lid on the pot.
29. They turn on the stove.
30. They put a potato in a bowl.
31. They cut the potato into slices.
32. They put the slices into the pot.
33. They put a lid on the pot.
34. They turn on the stove.
35. They put a potato in a bowl.
36. They cut the potato into slices.
37. They put the slices into the pot.
38. They put a lid on the pot.
39. They turn on the stove.
40. They put a potato in a bowl.
41. They cut the potato into slices.
42. They put the slices into the pot.
43. They put a lid on the pot.
44. They turn on the stove.
45. They put a potato in a bowl.
46. They cut the potato into slices.
47. They put the slices into the pot.
48. They put a lid on the pot.
49. They turn on the stove.
50. They put a potato in a bowl.
51. They cut the potato into slices.
52. They put the slices into the pot.
53. They put a lid on the pot.
54. They turn on the stove.
55. They put a potato in a bowl.
56. They cut the potato into slices.
57. They put the slices into the pot.
58. They put a lid on the pot.
59. They turn on the stove.
60. They put a potato in a bowl.
61. They cut the potato into slices.
62. They put the slices into the pot.
63. They put a lid on the pot.
64. They turn on the stove.
65. They put a potato in a bowl.
66. They cut the potato into slices.
67. They put the slices into the pot.
68. They put a lid on the pot.
69. They turn on the stove.
70. They put a potato in a bowl.
71. They cut the potato into slices.
72. They put the slices into the pot.
73. They put a lid on the pot.
74. They turn on the stove.
75. They put a potato in a bowl.
76. They cut the potato into slices.
77. They put the slices into the pot.
78. They put a lid on the pot.
79. They turn on the stove.
80. They put a potato in a bowl.
"81."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a person walking into a kitchen."
0:00:10 - The person turns on the oven and puts a pot inside.
0:00:20 - The person takes a lemon and squeezes it into a bowl.
0:00:30 - The person adds sugar to the bowl and mixes it with the lemon juice.
0:00:40 - The person puts the bowl on the stove and puts a pot on top of it.
0:00:50 - The person takes a potato peeler and peels a potato.
0:01:00 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
0:01:10 - The person takes a knife and cuts the potato.
0:01:20 - The person puts the potato into a bowl.
0:01:30 - The person takes a potato and peels it.
0:01:40 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
0:01:50 - The person takes a potato and peels it.
0:02:00 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
0:02:10 - The person takes a potato and peels it.
0:02:20 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
0:02:30 - The person takes a potato and peels it.
0:02:40 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
0:02:50 - The person takes a potato and peels it.
0:03:00 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
0:03:10 - The person takes a potato and peels it.
0:03:20 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
0:03:30 - The person takes a potato and peels it.
0:03:40 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
0:03:50 - The person takes a potato and peels it.
0:04:00 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
0:04:10 - The person takes a potato and peels it.
0:04:20 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
0:04:30 - The person takes a potato and peels it.
0:04:40 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
0:04:50 - The person takes a potato and peels it.
0:05:00 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
0:05:10 - The person takes a potato and peels it.
0:05:20 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
0:05:30 - The person takes a potato and peels it.
0:05:40 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
0:05:50 - The person takes a potato and peels it.
0:06:00 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
0:06:10 - The person takes a potato and peels it.
0:06:20 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
0:06:30 - The person takes a potato and peels it.
0:06:40 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
0:06:50 - The person takes a potato and peels it.
0:07:00 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
0:07:10 - The person takes a potato and peels it.
0:07:20 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
0:07:30 - The person takes a potato and peels it.
0:07:40 - The person puts the peeled potato into a pot.
"0:07:50 - The person takes a pot"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They crack eggs into a clear glass bowl, add sugar and whisk the mixture, and then pour it into a pot on the stove. They stir the mixture and cook it until it thickens.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a person walking into a kitchen and turning on the oven. Then, the person mixes ingredients in a bowl and pours the mixture into a loaf pan. After that, the person puts the pan in the oven and bakes the bread. Finally, the person takes the loaf out of the oven and puts it on a counter.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They start by cracking eggs into a bowl and whisking them. Then, they pour the mixture into a pan and cook it. After that, they pour the mixture onto a piece of bread and eat it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video showcases a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl, pouring the mixture into a pan, and baking it in the oven. The video also shows the person taking the pan out of the oven and placing it on a counter.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They crack eggs into a bowl, mix them, and pour the mixture into a pan. They then put the pan in the oven and take it out after a while. The person then cuts the food on a board and puts it on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They crack eggs into a clear glass bowl, add sugar and whisk the mixture, and then pour the mixture into a baking dish. The person then puts the dish into the oven and bakes it. After the baking is complete, the person takes the dish out of the oven and places it on a counter.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person cracking eggs into a bowl, adding sugar and stirring the mixture. The person then pours the mixture into a pan and puts it in the oven. The video also shows the person taking the pan out of the oven and placing it on a counter.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person cracking eggs into a clear glass bowl, adding sugar and whisking the mixture. Then, the person pours the mixture into a baking dish and places it in the oven. After the baking is complete, the person takes the dish out of the oven and places it on a counter.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a person walking into a kitchen and turning on the oven. Then, the person puts a pot on the stove and adds ingredients to it. After that, the person cracks eggs into a measuring cup and adds them to the pot. The person then stirs the pot and adds more ingredients to it. Finally, the person takes the pot off the stove and puts it on the counter.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases a person preparing food in a kitchen. They crack eggs into a clear glass bowl, add sugar and whisk the mixture, and then pour the mixture into a baking dish. The person then puts the dish into the oven and bakes it. After the baking is complete, the person takes the dish out of the oven and places it on a counter.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The person is seen holding a bowl of food and a pan of food."
2. The person cracks eggs into a measuring cup and adds them to the pan.
3. The person stirs the mixture in the pan.
4. The person pours the mixture into a blender.
5. The person pours the blended mixture into a pan.
6. The person puts the pan in the oven.
7. The person takes the pan out of the oven.
8. The person takes the pan to the counter.
9. The person cracks eggs into a measuring cup and adds them to the pan.
10. The person stirs the mixture in the pan.
11. The person pours the mixture into a blender.
12. The person pours the blended mixture into a pan.
13. The person puts the pan in the oven.
14. The person takes the pan out of the oven.
"15. The person takes the pan to the counter.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a person walking into a kitchen."
0:00:10 - The person turns on the oven and sets it to preheat.
0:00:20 - The person mixes ingredients in a bowl.
0:00:30 - The person cracks eggs into a measuring cup.
0:00:40 - The person pours the eggs into the bowl.
0:00:50 - The person stirs the mixture.
0:00:60 - The person pours the mixture into a baking dish.
0:00:70 - The person puts the dish into the oven.
0:00:80 - The person takes the dish out of the oven.
0:00:90 - The person cracks eggs into a measuring cup.
0:01:00 - The person pours the eggs into the bowl.
0:01:10 - The person stirs the mixture.
0:01:20 - The person pours the mixture into a baking dish.
0:01:30 - The person puts the dish into the oven.
0:01:40 - The person takes the dish out of the oven.
0:01:50 - The person cracks eggs into a measuring cup.
0:02:00 - The person pours the eggs into the bowl.
0:02:10 - The person stirs the mixture.
0:02:20 - The person pours the mixture into a baking dish.
0:02:30 - The person puts the dish into the oven.
0:02:40 - The person takes the dish out of the oven.
0:02:50 - The person cracks eggs into a measuring cup.
0:03:00 - The person pours the eggs into the bowl.
0:03:10 - The person stirs the mixture.
0:03:20 - The person pours the mixture into a baking dish.
0:03:30 - The person puts the dish into the oven.
0:03:40 - The person takes the dish out of the oven.
0:03:50 - The person cracks eggs into a measuring cup.
0:04:00 - The person pours the eggs into the bowl.
0:04:10 - The person stirs the mixture.
0:04:20 - The person pours the mixture into a baking dish.
0:04:30 - The person puts the dish into the oven.
0:04:40 - The person takes the dish out of the oven.
0:04:50 - The person cracks eggs into a measuring cup.
0:05:00 - The person pours the eggs into the bowl.
0:05:10 - The person stirs the mixture.
0:05:20 - The person pours the mixture into a baking dish.
0:05:30 - The person puts the dish into the oven.
0:05:40 - The person takes the dish out of the oven.
0:05:50 - The person cracks eggs into a measuring cup.
0:06:00 - The person pours the eggs into the bowl.
0:06:10 - The person stirs the mixture.
0:06:20 - The person pours the mixture into a baking dish.
0:06:30 - The person puts the dish into the oven.
0:06:40 - The person takes the dish out of the oven.
0:06:50 - The person cracks eggs into a measuring cup.
0:07:00 - The person pours the eggs into the bowl.
0:07:10 - The person stirs the mixture.
0:07:20 - The person pours the mixture into a baking dish.
0:07:30 - The person puts the dish into the oven.
0:07:40 - The person takes the dish out of the oven.
"0:07:5"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person opening a refrigerator, taking out a bowl, and placing it on the counter. They then proceed to cook food in a pan on the stove.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a person opening a refrigerator and taking out a bowl. Then, the person puts the bowl on the counter and opens the oven. After that, the person takes out a pan and puts it on the stove. The person then puts the pan on the stove and puts a lid on it. Finally, the person takes the pan off the stove and puts it on the counter.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a person opening a refrigerator, taking out a bowl, and placing it on the counter. The person then proceeds to put the bowl in the microwave and heats it up. After that, the person takes the bowl out of the microwave and puts it back in the refrigerator. The video captures the process of preparing and storing food in a kitchen setting.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video captures a person's actions in a kitchen, where they are seen opening a refrigerator, taking out a bowl, and placing it on the counter. The person then proceeds to wash the dishes in the sink. The video also shows a blurry image of a person walking down a hallway.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person opening a refrigerator, taking out a bowl, and placing it on the counter. The person then proceeds to put the bowl in the microwave and heats it up. After that, the person takes the bowl out of the microwave and puts it back in the refrigerator. The video ends with the person closing the refrigerator door.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person opening a refrigerator, taking out a bowl, and placing it on the counter. They then proceed to cook food in a pan on the stove. After cooking, the person takes the food out of the pan and places it on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person opening a refrigerator, taking out a bowl, and placing it on the counter. The person then proceeds to cook food in a pan on the stove.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person opening a refrigerator, taking out a bowl, and then placing it on the counter. The person then proceeds to wash the dishes in the sink.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a person opening a refrigerator door and taking out a bowl. The person then proceeds to wash the dishes in the sink. After that, the person puts the dishes in the refrigerator. The video ends with the person closing the refrigerator door.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a person opening a refrigerator, taking out a bowl, and then placing it on the counter. The person then proceeds to wash the dishes in the sink.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera pans around a kitchen, showing various items on the counter."
2. A person is seen opening a refrigerator and taking out a bowl.
3. The person puts the bowl on the counter and takes out a pot.
4. The person puts the pot on the stove and turns on the burner.
5. The person puts a pan on the stove and puts a lid on it.
6. The person puts a pot on the stove and puts a lid on it.
7. The person takes the pot off the stove and puts it on the counter.
8. The person takes the lid off the pot and puts it back on.
9. The person takes the lid off the pot again and puts it back on.
10. The person takes the pot off the stove and puts it in the refrigerator.
11. The person takes the lid off the pot and puts it back on.
12. The person takes the pot out of the refrigerator and puts it on the counter.
13. The person takes the lid off the pot and puts it back on.
14. The person takes the pot off the stove and puts it in the refrigerator.
15. The person takes the lid off the pot and puts it back on.
16. The person takes the pot out of the refrigerator and puts it on the counter.
17. The person takes the lid off the pot and puts it back on.
18. The person takes the pot off the stove and puts it in the refrigerator.
19. The person takes the lid off the pot and puts it back on.
"20. The person takes the pot out of the refrigerator and puts it on the counter.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a person opening a refrigerator door."
0:00:10 - The person takes out a bowl and places it on the counter.
0:00:20 - The person takes out a pot and places it on the counter.
0:00:30 - The person takes out a pan and places it on the counter.
0:00:40 - The person takes out a plate and places it on the counter.
0:00:50 - The person takes out a spoon and places it on the counter.
0:00:60 - The person takes out a knife and places it on the counter.
0:00:70 - The person takes out a cup and places it on the counter.
0:00:80 - The person takes out a bottle and places it on the counter.
0:00:90 - The person takes out a towel and places it on the counter.
0:01:00 - The person takes out a bowl and places it on the counter.
0:01:10 - The person takes out a pot and places it on the counter.
0:01:20 - The person takes out a pan and places it on the counter.
0:01:30 - The person takes out a plate and places it on the counter.
0:01:40 - The person takes out a spoon and places it on the counter.
0:01:50 - The person takes out a knife and places it on the counter.
0:02:00 - The person takes out a cup and places it on the counter.
0:02:10 - The person takes out a bottle and places it on the counter.
0:02:20 - The person takes out a towel and places it on the counter.
0:02:30 - The person takes out a bowl and places it on the counter.
0:02:40 - The person takes out a pot and places it on the counter.
0:02:50 - The person takes out a pan and places it on the counter.
0:03:00 - The person takes out a plate and places it on the counter.
0:03:10 - The person takes out a spoon and places it on the counter.
0:03:20 - The person takes out a knife and places it on the counter.
0:03:30 - The person takes out a cup and places it on the counter.
0:03:40 - The person takes out a bottle and places it on the counter.
0:03:50 - The person takes out a towel and places it on the counter.
0:04:00 - The person takes out a bowl and places it on the counter.
0:04:10 - The person takes out a pot and places it on the counter.
0:04:20 - The person takes out a pan and places it on the counter.
0:04:30 - The person takes out a plate and places it on the counter.
0:04:40 - The person takes out a spoon and places it on the counter.
0:04:50 - The person takes out a knife and places it on the counter.
0:05:00 - The person takes out a cup and places it on the counter.
0:05:10 - The person takes out a bottle and places it on the counter.
0:05:20 - The person takes out a towel and places it on the counter.
0:05:30 - The person takes out a bowl and places it on the counter.
0:05:40 - The person takes out a pot and places it on the counter.
0:05:50 - The person takes out a pan and places it on the counter.
0:06:00 - The person takes out a plate and places it on the counter.
0:06:10 - The person takes out a spoon and places it on the counter.
0:06:20 - The person takes out a knife and places it on the counter.
0:06:30 - The person takes out a cup and places it on the counter.
0:06:40 - The person takes out a bottle and places it on the counter.
"0:06:50 -"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are seen cutting up ingredients and mixing them in a pot. They also use a spoon to stir the mixture.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a person putting a pot on the stove and then adding ingredients to it. After that, the person mixes the ingredients together and puts the pot on the stove. The person then takes the pot off the stove and puts it on the counter. Finally, the person takes the pot and puts it back on the stove.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are seen cutting up ingredients on a cutting board, mixing them in a bowl, and then pouring the mixture into a pot. The person then stirs the mixture and pours it into a blender. After blending, the person pours the mixture into a pot and stirs it again. Finally, the person pours the mixture into a bowl and mixes it with a spoon.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are seen cutting up ingredients on a cutting board, mixing them in a pot, and cooking them on a stove. The person also uses a knife to cut up a piece of food and a spoon to stir a pot. The video captures the process of food preparation in a kitchen setting.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are seen cutting up ingredients and mixing them in a pot. The person then pours the mixture into a bowl and mixes it again. Finally, they serve the food onto a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are seen cutting up ingredients on a cutting board, mixing them in a pot, and stirring the mixture. They also use a spoon to stir the pot and a knife to cut up more ingredients.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person cutting up ingredients on a cutting board, mixing them in a pot, and then pouring the mixture into a bowl. These actions are repeated multiple times throughout the video.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They start by cutting up ingredients on a cutting board and then mix them in a pot. They then pour the mixture into a strainer and mix it again. Finally, they pour the mixture into a bowl and mix it once more.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a person washing their hands in the sink. Then, they proceed to prepare a meal by cutting up ingredients and mixing them in a pot. The person stirs the pot and adds more ingredients to it. Finally, the person takes a bite of the food and continues to stir the pot.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a person preparing a meal in a kitchen. They start by cutting up ingredients on a cutting board, then mix them in a pot on the stove. They stir the pot and add more ingredients, before finally serving the meal on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The person is seen cutting up ingredients on a cutting board."
2. They pour the ingredients into a pot and stir them.
3. The person pours the mixture into a strainer and rinses it.
4. They pour the mixture into a bowl and stir it.
5. The person pours the mixture into a pot and stirs it.
6. They pour the mixture into a strainer and rinse it.
7. The person pours the mixture into a bowl and stirs it.
8. They pour the mixture into a pot and stir it.
9. The person pours the mixture into a strainer and rinses it.
"10. They pour the mixture into a bowl and stir it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a person putting a pot on the stove."
0:00:10 - The person adds a cup of oats to the pot.
0:00:20 - The person stirs the oats in the pot.
0:00:30 - The person adds a cup of milk to the pot.
0:00:40 - The person stirs the mixture in the pot.
0:00:50 - The person adds a spoonful of honey to the pot.
0:00:55 - The person stirs the mixture in the pot.
0:01:00 - The person turns off the stove.
0:01:10 - The person takes the pot off the stove.
0:01:20 - The person takes a spoonful of the oatmeal and eats it.
"0:01:30 - The person puts the pot on the counter.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a person preparing a dough mixture in a kitchen. They mix the ingredients together and knead the dough on a floured surface. They then roll out the dough and cut it into pieces before placing it in a baking pan. The person then bakes the dough in the oven.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a person putting dough on a floured surface and kneading it. Then, the person rolls the dough and puts it in a bowl. After that, the person puts the dough in the oven and takes it out when it's done. Finally, the person cuts the dough into slices and puts it on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They start by cutting up a loaf of bread and mixing it with other ingredients. They then knead the mixture and roll it into a ball before placing it in a pan. The person then puts the pan in the oven and waits for the food to cook.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is seen cutting up a loaf of bread and mixing it with other ingredients. They then knead the mixture and roll it into a ball before placing it on a baking sheet. The video also shows the person cutting up a loaf of bread and mixing it with other ingredients.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a person preparing a dough mixture by adding ingredients to a bowl and kneading the dough. They then roll out the dough and cut it into pieces before placing it in a pan and baking it in the oven. The video ends with the person taking the baked dough out of the oven and placing it on a plate.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a dough mixture by adding ingredients to a bowl, kneading the dough, and then shaping it into a loaf. The person then places the dough in a pan and puts it in the oven to bake.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are seen cutting up ingredients, mixing them together, and putting them in a pan. They then put the pan in the oven and take it out to show the finished product.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a dough mixture in a kitchen. They add ingredients to a bowl, mix them together, and then knead the dough on a floured surface. Afterward, they roll out the dough and cut it into pieces. The person then puts the dough in the oven and takes it out when it's done.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a person putting dough on a floured surface, then kneading it with their hands. After that, the person rolls the dough into a ball and puts it in a bowl. The person then adds more flour to the surface and rolls the dough out again. Finally, the person puts the dough in a pan and puts it in the oven.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a person preparing a dough mixture by adding ingredients to a bowl and kneading the dough. They then roll out the dough and cut it into pieces before placing it in a baking pan. The person then bakes the dough in the oven and takes it out to cool.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The person mixes ingredients in a bowl."
2. They roll the dough into a ball and flatten it.
3. They cut the dough into slices and place them on a baking sheet.
4. They put the baking sheet in the oven.
"5. The person takes the baking sheet out of the oven.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - The video begins with a person putting dough on a floured surface."
0:00:30 - The person rolls the dough into a ball and places it on a floured surface.
0:00:45 - The person flattens the dough with their hands.
0:01:00 - The person cuts the dough into pieces.
0:01:15 - The person rolls the dough into a ball and places it on a floured surface.
0:01:30 - The person flattens the dough with their hands.
0:02:00 - The person cuts the dough into pieces.
0:02:15 - The person rolls the dough into a ball and places it on a floured surface.
0:02:30 - The person flattens the dough with their hands.
0:03:00 - The person cuts the dough into pieces.
0:03:15 - The person rolls the dough into a ball and places it on a floured surface.
0:03:30 - The person flattens the dough with their hands.
0:04:00 - The person cuts the dough into pieces.
0:04:15 - The person rolls the dough into a ball and places it on a floured surface.
0:04:30 - The person flattens the dough with their hands.
0:05:00 - The person cuts the dough into pieces.
0:05:15 - The person rolls the dough into a ball and places it on a floured surface.
0:05:30 - The person flattens the dough with their hands.
0:06:00 - The person cuts the dough into pieces.
0:06:15 - The person rolls the dough into a ball and places it on a floured surface.
0:06:30 - The person flattens the dough with their hands.
0:07:00 - The person cuts the dough into pieces.
0:07:15 - The person rolls the dough into a ball and places it on a floured surface.
0:07:30 - The person flattens the dough with their hands.
0:08:00 - The person cuts the dough into pieces.
0:08:15 - The person rolls the dough into a ball and places it on a floured surface.
0:08:30 - The person flattens the dough with their hands.
0:09:00 - The person cuts the dough into pieces.
0:09:15 - The person rolls the dough into a ball and places it on a floured surface.
0:09:30 - The person flattens the dough with their hands.
0:10:00 - The person cuts the dough into pieces.
0:10:15 - The person rolls the dough into a ball and places it on a floured surface.
0:10:30 - The person flattens the dough with their hands.
0:11:00 - The person cuts the dough into pieces.
0:11:15 - The person rolls the dough into a ball and places it on a floured surface.
0:11:30 - The person flattens the dough with their hands.
0:12:00 - The person cuts the dough into pieces.
0:12:15 - The person rolls the dough into a ball and places it on a floured surface.
0:12:30 - The person flattens the dough with their hands.
0:13:00 - The person cuts the dough into pieces.
0:13:15 - The person rolls the dough into a ball and places it on a floured surface.
0:13:30 - The person flattens the dough with their hands.
0:14:00 - The person cuts the dough into pieces.
0:14:15 - The person rolls the dough into a ball and places it on a floured surface.
"0:14:30 - The person flattens the dough with their hands"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a dish by mixing ingredients in a bowl, cooking it on a stove, and then serving it on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a person putting food on a plate and then putting the plate in the oven. After that, the person takes the food out of the oven and puts it on a plate. The video ends with the person eating the food.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They start by putting ingredients into a pan and stirring them. Then, they add more ingredients and stir again. Finally, they serve the food onto a plate and eat it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person cooking food in a kitchen. They are seen cutting up ingredients on a cutting board, cooking them in a pan, and then serving the food on a plate. The video also shows the person washing dishes in the sink.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a person cooking food in a pan on a stove. They add ingredients to the pan and stir them. The person then takes the pan off the stove and places it on a plate. The video ends with the person picking up the plate and walking away.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They start by putting ingredients into a pan and stirring them. Then, they add more ingredients and stir again. Finally, they serve the food onto a plate and eat it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person cooking food in a pan on a stove, adding ingredients to the pan, and stirring the food. The person also adds more ingredients to the pan and stirs the food again. The video also shows the person taking the pan off the stove and placing it on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a dish by mixing ingredients in a bowl, cooking the mixture in a pan, and then serving the dish on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a person putting a pan on the stove and then adding ingredients to it. After that, the person mixes the ingredients and puts the pan on the stove. The person then takes the pan off the stove and puts it on a plate. Finally, the person takes the plate and walks away.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a person preparing a dish by mixing ingredients in a bowl, cooking the mixture in a pan, and serving it on a plate. The person also adds seasoning to the dish and mixes it with a spoon.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The person puts the ingredients on a plate."
2. They mix the ingredients together.
3. They put the mixture in a pan and cook it.
"4. They serve the food on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A person is seen putting food on a plate."
0:00:10 - The person puts the plate on a stove.
0:00:20 - The person puts a lid on the stove.
0:00:30 - The person puts a pan on the stove.
0:00:40 - The person puts a lid on the pan.
0:00:50 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:01:00 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:01:10 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:01:20 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:01:30 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:01:40 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:01:50 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:02:00 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:02:10 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:02:20 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:02:30 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:02:40 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:02:50 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:03:00 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:03:10 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:03:20 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:03:30 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:03:40 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:03:50 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:04:00 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:04:10 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:04:20 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:04:30 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:04:40 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:04:50 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:05:00 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:05:10 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:05:20 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:05:30 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:05:40 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:05:50 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:06:00 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:06:10 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:06:20 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:06:30 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:06:40 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:06:50 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:07:00 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:07:10 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:07:20 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:07:30 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:07:40 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:07:50 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:08:00 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:08:10 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:08:20 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:08:30 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:08:40 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
0:08:50 - The person puts a pot on the stove.
0:09:00 - The person puts a lid on the pot.
"0:09"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen. They are seen mixing ingredients in a bowl, pouring the mixture into a pan, and cooking it on a stove. The person then takes the pan off the stove and places it on a counter.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a person putting a pot on the stove and then pouring ingredients into a bowl. The person then mixes the ingredients and pours the mixture into a pan. After that, the person puts the pan on the stove and waits for it to cook. Finally, the person takes the pan off the stove and puts it on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen. They are seen mixing ingredients in a bowl, pouring the mixture into a pan, and cooking it on a stove. The person then takes the pan off the stove and places it on a counter.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen with various ingredients and utensils. The person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl, cooking on a stove, and using a blender. The video also shows a person holding a piece of bread and a bowl of food on a table.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen. They are seen stirring a pot on the stove, adding ingredients to a bowl, and mixing them together. The person then pours the mixture into a pan and places it in the oven. After the oven is done, the person takes the pan out and places it on a plate. The video ends with the person taking a bite of the food.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen. They are seen stirring a pot on the stove, adding ingredients to a bowl, and mixing them together. They then pour the mixture onto a baking sheet and place it in the oven. The video also shows the person taking the baking sheet out of the oven and placing it on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen, using a pan on the stove and stirring a pot on the counter. The person also uses a knife to cut a piece of bread and a spoon to stir a bowl. The video also shows a person holding a piece of bread and a bowl of food.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person mixing ingredients in a bowl, pouring the mixture into a pan, and then cooking the mixture on a stove. The person then takes the pan off the stove and places it on a counter.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a person putting a pot on the stove and then pouring ingredients into a bowl. The person then mixes the ingredients and pours the mixture into a pan. After that, the person puts the pan on the stove and waits for it to cook. Finally, the person takes the pan off the stove and puts it on a plate.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen, using a pan on the stove and a blender to mix ingredients. The person also pours the mixture into a bowl and mixes it with a spoon.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The person is seen stirring a pot on the stove."
2. They pour the contents of the pot into a bowl.
3. The person then mixes the contents of the bowl with a fork.
4. The person takes a spoonful of the mixture and tastes it.
5. The person then pours the mixture into a blender.
6. The person blends the mixture until it is smooth.
7. The person then pours the mixture into a pan and puts it on the stove.
8. The person stirs the mixture in the pan.
9. The person takes the pan off the stove and puts it on the counter.
10. The person takes a piece of bread and dips it into the mixture.
"11. The person then takes a bite of the bread.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A person is seen stirring a pot on a stove."
0:00:30 - The person adds more ingredients to the pot.
0:00:50 - The person takes the pot off the stove and sets it on the counter.
0:01:00 - The person takes a spoon and scoops the contents of the pot onto a plate.
"0:01:10 - The person takes a fork and begins to eat the food.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person making a sandwich in a kitchen. They put butter on the bread, put the sandwich together, and then put it in the microwave.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person putting a microwaveable bowl of cereal into a microwave, and then taking it out to pour the cereal into a bowl. The person then adds milk to the cereal and eats it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,The video shows a person preparing a meal in a kitchen. They are seen putting a bag of popcorn into a microwave and then pouring water into a glass. The person then takes a sip of water from the glass.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a sandwich in a kitchen. The person is seen putting butter and bread on a toaster, and then toasting the bread. The video also shows the person putting jam on the bread and eating the sandwich.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person preparing a meal in a kitchen. They are seen pouring ingredients into a microwave and stirring them. The person then takes the meal out of the microwave and adds more ingredients to it. Finally, the person takes a bite of the meal.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a person putting a microwaveable bowl of cereal into a microwave and then taking it out. The person then pours the cereal into a cup and adds milk to it.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video shows a person putting a bag of popcorn into a microwave and then taking it out. The person also puts a mug on the counter and takes a sip of water from it.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person putting a bag of popcorn into a microwave, adding salt and oil, and then pressing a button. The microwave is then shown heating up the popcorn.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a close-up shot of a microwave, followed by a person putting a bowl of cereal into the microwave. The person then takes the cereal out of the microwave and adds milk to it. After that, the person puts the bowl back into the microwave and heats the cereal again. Finally, the person takes the bowl out of the microwave and eats the cereal.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a person making a sandwich in a kitchen. They put butter on the bread, put the sandwich together, and then put it in the microwave. After the sandwich is done, they take it out and eat it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A person is seen opening a microwave and taking out a cup."
2. The person pours the contents of the cup into a glass.
3. The person puts the cup back into the microwave.
4. The person takes the cup out of the microwave again.
5. The person pours the contents of the cup into a bowl.
6. The person puts the cup back into the microwave.
7. The person takes the cup out of the microwave again.
8. The person pours the contents of the cup into a bag.
9. The person puts the cup back into the microwave.
"10. The person takes the cup out of the microwave again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A person is seen opening a bag of popcorn."
0:00:10 - The person pours the popcorn into a microwave.
0:00:20 - The person puts a cup on the microwave.
0:00:30 - The person puts a bowl on the microwave.
0:00:40 - The person puts a bag of salt on the microwave.
0:00:50 - The person puts a bag of butter on the microwave.
0:01:00 - The person puts a bag of cheese on the microwave.
0:01:10 - The person puts a bag of corn on the microwave.
0:01:20 - The person puts a bag of pepper on the microwave.
0:01:30 - The person puts a bag of salt on the microwave.
0:01:40 - The person puts a bag of cheese on the microwave.
0:01:50 - The person puts a bag of corn on the microwave.
0:02:00 - The person puts a bag of pepper on the microwave.
0:02:10 - The person puts a bag of salt on the microwave.
0:02:20 - The person puts a bag of cheese on the microwave.
0:02:30 - The person puts a bag of corn on the microwave.
0:02:40 - The person puts a bag of pepper on the microwave.
0:02:50 - The person puts a bag of salt on the microwave.
0:03:00 - The person puts a bag of cheese on the microwave.
0:03:10 - The person puts a bag of corn on the microwave.
0:03:20 - The person puts a bag of pepper on the microwave.
0:03:30 - The person puts a bag of salt on the microwave.
0:03:40 - The person puts a bag of cheese on the microwave.
0:03:50 - The person puts a bag of corn on the microwave.
0:04:00 - The person puts a bag of pepper on the microwave.
0:04:10 - The person puts a bag of salt on the microwave.
0:04:20 - The person puts a bag of cheese on the microwave.
0:04:30 - The person puts a bag of corn on the microwave.
0:04:40 - The person puts a bag of pepper on the microwave.
0:04:50 - The person puts a bag of salt on the microwave.
0:05:00 - The person puts a bag of cheese on the microwave.
0:05:10 - The person puts a bag of corn on the microwave.
0:05:20 - The person puts a bag of pepper on the microwave.
0:05:30 - The person puts a bag of salt on the microwave.
0:05:40 - The person puts a bag of cheese on the microwave.
0:05:50 - The person puts a bag of corn on the microwave.
0:06:00 - The person puts a bag of pepper on the microwave.
0:06:10 - The person puts a bag of salt on the microwave.
0:06:20 - The person puts a bag of cheese on the microwave.
0:06:30 - The person puts a bag of corn on the microwave.
0:06:40 - The person puts a bag of pepper on the microwave.
0:06:50 - The person puts a bag of salt on the microwave.
0:07:00 - The person puts a bag of cheese on the microwave.
0:07:10 - The person puts a bag of corn on the microwave.
0:07:20 - The person puts a bag of pepper on the microwave.
"0:07:30 - The person puts a bag of salt"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a kitchen counter with various items on it, including a toaster, coffee pot, and a plate of food. The camera pans around the counter, and the person in the video makes a cup of coffee.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a close-up shot of a kitchen counter, followed by a person turning on the microwave and placing a cup of coffee on the counter. The person then proceeds to make a sandwich and places it on a plate. The video ends with the person taking a bite of the sandwich.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a kitchen with a toaster, a coffee maker, and a plate of food on the counter. The camera pans around the kitchen, and the toaster is shown in the foreground. The coffee maker is also shown in the foreground, and the camera pans around the kitchen. The plate of food is shown on the counter, and the camera pans around the kitchen.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a kitchen counter with a toaster, a coffee maker, a tea kettle, a plate of food, and a cup of coffee. The camera pans around the counter, and the video ends with the camera moving away from the counter.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",The video shows a person making a cup of coffee and then enjoying a delicious breakfast of toast and coffee. The person is seen pouring milk into the cup of coffee and then eating the toast. The video ends with the person finishing their breakfast.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video shows a person making a cup of tea and toasting a piece of bread. The person then pours the hot liquid into the cup and adds sugar. The video also shows a white plate with a sandwich and a cup of coffee on a counter.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person making a cup of coffee and then enjoying a plate of food. The person is seen standing in front of a counter with a toaster, a coffee maker, and a plate of food. The video also shows the person making a cup of coffee and enjoying it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a person making a cup of tea and toasting a piece of bread. They then pour the tea onto the toast and eat it.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a close-up shot of a kitchen counter, followed by a person turning on the coffee maker. After a few seconds, the person pours coffee into a cup and adds sugar. Then, the person takes a spoon and scoops out the coffee from the cup. Finally, the person takes a bite of the food on the plate.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a person making a cup of tea and toasting a bagel. The person then pours the tea into a cup and adds sugar.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A white plate with a single donut on it is shown."
2. A white cup of coffee is poured into a white mug.
3. The donut is picked up and eaten.
4. The donut is placed back on the plate.
5. The coffee is poured into a white cup.
6. The donut is picked up again and eaten.
7. The donut is placed back on the plate.
8. The coffee is poured into a white cup.
9. The donut is picked up and eaten.
10. The donut is placed back on the plate.
11. The coffee is poured into a white cup.
12. The donut is picked up and eaten.
13. The donut is placed back on the plate.
14. The coffee is poured into a white cup.
15. The donut is picked up and eaten.
16. The donut is placed back on the plate.
17. The coffee is poured into a white cup.
18. The donut is picked up and eaten.
19. The donut is placed back on the plate.
20. The coffee is poured into a white cup.
21. The donut is picked up and eaten.
22. The donut is placed back on the plate.
23. The coffee is poured into a white cup.
24. The donut is picked up and eaten.
25. The donut is placed back on the plate.
26. The coffee is poured into a white cup.
27. The donut is picked up and eaten.
28. The donut is placed back on the plate.
29. The coffee is poured into a white cup.
30. The donut is picked up and eaten.
31. The donut is placed back on the plate.
32. The coffee is poured into a white cup.
33. The donut is picked up and eaten.
34. The donut is placed back on the plate.
35. The coffee is poured into a white cup.
36. The donut is picked up and eaten.
37. The donut is placed back on the plate.
38. The coffee is poured into a white cup.
39. The donut is picked up and eaten.
40. The donut is placed back on the plate.
41. The coffee is poured into a white cup.
42. The donut is picked up and eaten.
43. The donut is placed back on the plate.
44. The coffee is poured into a white cup.
45. The donut is picked up and eaten.
46. The donut is placed back on the plate.
47. The coffee is poured into a white cup.
48. The donut is picked up and eaten.
49. The donut is placed back on the plate.
"50. The coffee is poured into a white cup.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A white toaster is plugged in and sitting on a counter."
0:00:10 - A white plate with a donut on it is sitting on the counter.
0:00:20 - A white cup of coffee is sitting on the counter.
0:00:30 - A white kettle is sitting on the counter.
0:00:40 - A white microwave is sitting on the counter.
0:00:50 - A white toaster oven is sitting on the counter.
0:01:00 - A white toaster is sitting on the counter.
0:01:10 - A white plate with a donut on it is sitting on the counter.
0:01:20 - A white cup of coffee is sitting on the counter.
0:01:30 - A white kettle is sitting on the counter.
0:01:40 - A white toaster oven is sitting on the counter.
0:01:50 - A white toaster is sitting on the counter.
0:02:00 - A white toaster is sitting on the counter.
0:02:10 - A white plate with a donut on it is sitting on the counter.
0:02:20 - A white cup of coffee is sitting on the counter.
0:02:30 - A white kettle is sitting on the counter.
0:02:40 - A white toaster oven is sitting on the counter.
0:02:50 - A white toaster is sitting on the counter.
0:03:00 - A white toaster is sitting on the counter.
0:03:10 - A white plate with a donut on it is sitting on the counter.
0:03:20 - A white cup of coffee is sitting on the counter.
0:03:30 - A white kettle is sitting on the counter.
0:03:40 - A white toaster oven is sitting on the counter.
0:03:50 - A white toaster is sitting on the counter.
0:04:00 - A white toaster is sitting on the counter.
0:04:10 - A white plate with a donut on it is sitting on the counter.
0:04:20 - A white cup of coffee is sitting on the counter.
0:04:30 - A white kettle is sitting on the counter.
0:04:40 - A white toaster oven is sitting on the counter.
0:04:50 - A white toaster is sitting on the counter.
0:05:00 - A white toaster is sitting on the counter.
0:05:10 - A white plate with a donut on it is sitting on the counter.
0:05:20 - A white cup of coffee is sitting on the counter.
0:05:30 - A white kettle is sitting on the counter.
0:05:40 - A white toaster oven is sitting on the counter.
0:05:50 - A white toaster is sitting on the counter.
0:06:00 - A white toaster is sitting on the counter.
0:06:10 - A white plate with a donut on it is sitting on the counter.
0:06:20 - A white cup of coffee is sitting on the counter.
0:06:30 - A white kettle is sitting on the counter.
0:06:40 - A white toaster oven is sitting on the counter.
0:06:50 - A white toaster is sitting on the counter.
0:07:00 - A white toaster is sitting on the counter.
0:07:10 - A white plate with a donut on it is sitting on the counter.
0:07:20 - A white cup of coffee is sitting on the counter.
0:07:30 - A white kettle is sitting on the counter.
0:07:40 - A white toaster oven is sitting on the counter.
0:07:50 - A white toaster is sitting on the counter.
0:08:00 - A white toaster is sitting on the counter.
"0:08:10 - A white plate with a donut"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a meal in a kitchen. They start by cooking meat in a pan on the stove, then add vegetables to the pan and stir them. Finally, they serve the meal on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video starts with a man standing in front of a stove, and then he proceeds to cook a meal. He adds ingredients to a pan, mixes them together, and then serves the meal on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen. They are seen cutting up meat and vegetables on a cutting board, cooking them on a stove, and then mixing them together in a bowl. The person then pours the mixture into a pan and cooks it on the stove. Finally, they serve the food on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a man preparing a meal in a kitchen. He starts by cooking meat and vegetables on a stove, then mixes them together in a bowl. He then serves the meal on a plate and eats it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person cooking food in a kitchen. They are seen cutting up ingredients and mixing them in a bowl. They then pour the mixture into a pan and cook it on the stove. After the food is cooked, they serve it onto a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person cooking food in a kitchen. They start by boiling water in a pot on the stove, then add noodles to the pot and stir them. After that, they add meat and vegetables to the pot and stir everything together. Finally, they serve the food on a plate and eat it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a man preparing a meal in a kitchen. He is seen cutting meat and vegetables on a cutting board, cooking them on a stove, and then serving them on a plate. The video also shows the man washing dishes in the sink.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,The video shows a person preparing a meal by cooking meat and vegetables on a stove. They then mix the ingredients together and serve the dish on a plate.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a man standing in front of a stove, and then he puts a pot on the stove. After that, he puts a pan on the stove and adds oil to it. Then, he adds meat to the pan and stirs it. Next, he adds vegetables to the pan and stirs them. Finally, he adds noodles to the pan and stirs them.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video shows a person preparing a meal in a kitchen. They start by cutting up ingredients on a cutting board and then cooking them on a stove. They also use a pan to cook the ingredients and mix them together. The video ends with the person serving the meal on a plate.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man is seen standing in front of a stove with a pot of food on it."
2. He then proceeds to add ingredients to the pot and stirs them together.
3. The man then takes a pan and adds more ingredients to it.
4. He then proceeds to cook the food in the pan.
5. The man then takes the food out of the pan and places it on a plate.
"6. The video ends with the man taking a bite of the food.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A man is seen standing in front of a stove, stirring a pot."
0:00:30 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:00:45 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:01:00 - He takes a bowl and dips it into the pot.
0:01:15 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:01:30 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:01:45 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:02:00 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:02:15 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:02:30 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:02:45 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:03:00 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:03:15 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:03:30 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:03:45 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:04:00 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:04:15 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:04:30 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:04:45 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:05:00 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:05:15 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:05:30 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:05:45 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:06:00 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:06:15 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:06:30 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:06:45 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:07:00 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:07:15 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:07:30 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:07:45 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:08:00 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:08:15 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:08:30 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:08:45 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:09:00 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:09:15 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:09:30 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:09:45 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:10:00 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:10:15 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:10:30 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:10:45 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:11:00 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:11:15 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
0:11:30 - He takes a fork and dips it into the pot.
0:11:45 - He takes a spoon and dips it into the pot.
"0:12:00"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are seen cutting up ingredients and mixing them in a bowl. They then pour the mixture into a pan and put it in the oven. After the food is cooked, they take it out and serve it on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video starts with a person putting a kettle on a stove and then proceeds to prepare a meal by adding ingredients to a pan and cooking them. The person then pours the contents of the pan onto a plate and adds a drink to the meal.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video shows a man preparing food in a kitchen. He is seen standing in front of a counter with various items on it, including a toaster, a microwave, and a coffee maker. He is holding a bowl of food and a spoon, and he is seen stirring the food in the bowl. He then pours the food into a plate and takes a bite. The video also shows a close-up of the food on the plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video shows a man preparing food in a kitchen. He is seen standing in front of a sink with various items on the counter, including a toaster, a microwave, and a bowl of food. He pours water into the sink and washes the dishes.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Incremental plain-text summarization,""Given a snippet of video and the list of key actions or events happened in that video snippet, generate a summary of the remaining portion of the video."",""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are seen cutting up ingredients and mixing them together in a bowl. They then pour the mixture into a pan and put it in the oven. After the food is cooked, they take it out and serve it on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are seen cutting up ingredients on a counter, putting them in a microwave, and then mixing them together. They also pour the mixture into a bowl and stir it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are seen cutting up ingredients, mixing them in a bowl, and then pouring the mixture into a pan. They then put the pan in the oven and take it out to serve.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They start by putting a kettle on the stove, then proceed to make a sandwich by putting butter and jam on bread. After that, they put the sandwich in the microwave and make a cup of coffee. Finally, they eat the sandwich and drink the coffee.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""The video starts with a person opening a microwave and taking out a plate of food. Then, the person puts the plate on the counter and takes a spoon to eat the food. After that, the person washes the dish in the sink and puts it away. Finally, the person takes a cup of coffee and drinks it.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They start by putting a kettle on the stove, then proceed to make a sandwich by putting butter and jam on bread. After that, they put the sandwich in the microwave and make a cup of coffee. Finally, they eat the sandwich and drink the coffee.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man opens the microwave and takes out a plate of food."
2. He pours hot water into a mug and adds a tea bag.
3. He puts the plate of food into the microwave and heats it.
4. He takes the plate out of the microwave and adds butter to the food.
"5. He takes a fork and starts eating the food.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""0:00:00 - A man is seen standing in front of a kitchen counter."
0:00:10 - He opens a bag of cereal and pours it into a bowl.
0:00:20 - He pours milk into the bowl.
0:00:30 - He adds a spoon to the bowl.
0:00:40 - He closes the bag of cereal.
0:00:50 - He takes a bite of the cereal.
0:01:00 - He washes the bowl and spoon in the sink.
0:01:10 - He dries the bowl and spoon with a towel.
0:01:20 - He puts the bowl and spoon away.
"0:01:30 - He takes a sip of coffee.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A man is seen walking down the street."
00:10-00:20: A woman is seen walking down the street.
00:20-00:30: A man is seen walking down the street.
00:30-00:40: A man is seen walking down the street.
00:40-00:50: A man is seen walking down the street.
00:50-00:60: A man is seen walking down the street.
00:60-00:70: A man is seen walking down the street.
00:70-00:80: A man is seen walking down the street.
00:80-00:90: A man is seen walking down the street.
"00:90-01:00: A man is seen walking down the street.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man walking down the street, panning towards a pigeon, and then towards a food truck. The man then proceeds to order a sandwich and a drink.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man walking down the street, panning towards a pigeon-filled park, and then towards a food truck where he buys a sandwich. He then sits on a bench and eats the sandwich.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['park']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A man is seen sitting in a chair."
00:10-00:20: A man is seen sitting in a chair.
00:20-00:30: A man is seen sitting in a chair.
00:30-00:40: A man is seen sitting in a chair.
00:40-00:50: A man is seen sitting in a chair.
00:50-00:60: A man is seen sitting in a chair.
00:60-00:70: A man is seen sitting in a chair.
00:70-00:80: A man is seen sitting in a chair.
"00:80-00:90: A man is seen sitting in a chair.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a man grooming his dogs in a bathroom. He is seen shaving the hair off of one of the dogs and brushing the fur of another. The dogs are also seen in a room with a table and a chair.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man grooming three dogs in different locations. The first dog is being groomed in a bathroom, the second dog is being groomed in a room, and the third dog is being groomed in a kitchen. The video also shows a man holding a dog in a room and a man holding a dog in a bathroom.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:10: A man is seen holding a tire."
0:10-0:20: The man is seen using a tool to remove the tire.
0:20-0:30: The man is seen using a brush to clean the tire.
0:30-0:40: The man is seen using a spray to clean the tire.
0:40-0:50: The man is seen using a brush to clean the tire.
0:50-0:60: The man is seen using a spray to clean the tire.
0:60-0:70: The man is seen using a brush to clean the tire.
0:70-0:80: The man is seen using a spray to clean the tire.
0:80-0:90: The man is seen using a brush to clean the tire.
"0:90-1:00: The man is seen using a spray to clean the tire.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man in a garage, where he is seen cleaning a tire with a brush and a spray bottle. He then proceeds to clean the inside of the tire with the same brush and spray bottle.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a garage and a yard, where a man is seen working on a tire. He is seen using a tool to remove the rubber from the tire, and then using a brush to clean the tire. The video also shows the man using a hose to clean the tire, and then using a spray to clean it.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A man is seen walking down a set of stairs."
00:10-00:20: A man is seen walking down a set of stairs.
00:20-00:30: A man is seen walking down a set of stairs.
00:30-00:40: A man is seen walking down a set of stairs.
00:40-00:50: A man is seen walking down a set of stairs.
00:50-00:60: A man is seen walking down a set of stairs.
00:60-00:70: A man is seen walking down a set of stairs.
00:70-00:80: A man is seen walking down a set of stairs.
00:80-00:90: A man is seen walking down a set of stairs.
"00:90-01:00: A man is seen walking down a set of stairs.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of boys in a park, where they are seen playing with a ball and throwing it around. They are also shown standing on a wall and talking to each other.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['park']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in various locations, including a parking lot, a brick wall, and a park. The main events include a man in a green shirt talking to the camera, a group of men playing a game of rock paper scissors, and a man in a green shirt talking to the camera again.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['park']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person's hand is shown holding a white dog."
00:10-00:20: The person's hand is shown petting the dog.
00:20-00:30: The person's hand is shown washing the dog.
00:30-00:40: The person's hand is shown drying the dog.
00:40-00:50: The person's hand is shown petting the dog.
00:50-00:60: The person's hand is shown petting the dog.
00:60-00:70: The person's hand is shown petting the dog.
00:70-00:80: The person's hand is shown petting the dog.
"00:80-00:90: The person's hand is shown petting the dog.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a parking garage, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a building, a woman in a white shirt and blue je"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a woman in a bathroom, a woman in a parking garage, and a woman in a car. The woman in the bathroom is seen washing her dog in the sink, while the woman in the parking garage is seen walking her dog. The woman in the car is seen talking to the camera.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:10: A man is seen walking down the street."
0:10-0:20: A large group of people are seen walking down the street.
0:20-0:30: The group of people start dancing.
0:30-0:40: The group of people continue to dance.
0:40-0:50: The group of people stop dancing and start walking.
0:50-0:60: The group of people stop walking and start dancing again.
0:60-0:70: The group of people stop dancing and start walking again.
0:70-0:80: The group of people stop walking and start dancing again.
0:80-0:90: The group of people stop dancing and start walking again.
"0:90-1:00: The group of people stop walking and start dancing again.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video captures a lively and energetic atmosphere in a crowded place, where people are seen dancing and enjoying themselves. The camera pans around the crowd, showcasing the vibrant colors and diverse styles of the dancers. The video also includes shots of people walking down the street, adding to the overall sense of movement and activity.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video captures a lively street scene with a large group of people dancing and singing. The crowd is seen walking down the street, and a man is seen dancing in front of a crowd. The video also shows a man in a white shirt and blue jeans dancing in front of a crowd. The video ends with a man in a red shirt and blue jeans dancing in front of a crowd.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:10: A man is seen riding a bike down the street."
0:10-0:20: A woman is seen talking to the camera.
0:20-0:30: A man is seen riding a bike down the street.
0:30-0:40: A woman is seen talking to the camera.
0:40-0:50: A man is seen riding a bike down the street.
0:50-0:60: A woman is seen talking to the camera.
0:60-0:70: A man is seen riding a bike down the street.
0:70-0:80: A woman is seen talking to the camera.
"0:80-0:90: A man is seen riding a bike down the street.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a woman riding a bike down a street, a man riding a skateboard down the same street, and a woman walking down the street.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a city where a woman is seen riding a bike down the street, passing by a car. She then stops to talk to the camera.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:10: A man in a red jacket and black pants walks down the street."
0:10-0:20: A man in a red jacket and black pants walks down the street.
0:20-0:30: A man in a red jacket and black pants walks down the street.
0:30-0:40: A man in a red jacket and black pants walks down the street.
0:40-0:50: A man in a red jacket and black pants walks down the street.
0:50-0:60: A man in a red jacket and black pants walks down the street.
0:60-0:70: A man in a red jacket and black pants walks down the street.
0:70-0:80: A man in a red jacket and black pants walks down the street.
0:80-0:90: A man in a red jacket and black pants walks down the street.
"0:90-1:00: A man in a red jacket and black pants walks down the street.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video showcases a lively parade with a variety of participants, including a group of people dressed in white and yellow costumes, a group of people dressed in red and yellow, and a group of people dressed in white and red. The parade also features a group of people dressed in white and red, and a group of people dressed in red and yellow. The video also shows a group of people dressed in red and yellow, and a group of people dressed in white and red.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video captures a lively parade in a city, with a focus on a group of people dressed in white and yellow costumes carrying a dragon head. The parade takes place on a street with a crowd of people watching from the sidewalks. The video also shows a man in a red shirt and black pants walking down the street, and a man in a red shirt and black hat standing in front of a crowd.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A man is seen speaking to the camera."
00:10-00:20: The man is shown holding a black object.
00:20-00:30: The man is seen using a tool to open the trunk of a car.
00:30-00:40: The man is shown using a tool to open the trunk of a car.
00:40-00:50: The man is shown using a tool to open the trunk of a car.
00:50-00:60: The man is shown using a tool to open the trunk of a car.
00:60-0:70: The man is shown using a tool to open the trunk of a car.
00:70-00:80: The man is shown using a tool to open the trunk of a car.
"00:80-00:90: The man is shown using a tool to open the trunk of a car.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a man changing a tire on a car in a parking lot.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a parking lot and a garage. The man is seen changing a tire on a car, and the video also shows a car driving down a road with a sign that says """"Sky.""""</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A man is seen walking down a dirt road."
00:10-00:20: A blue truck is seen driving down the road.
00:20-00:30: The truck is seen driving down a hill.
00:30-00:40: The truck is seen driving through a forest.
00:40-00:50: The truck is seen driving down a dirt road.
"00:50-01:00: The truck is seen driving down a hill.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a truck driving down a road, passing by a car, and then turning around. The camera then pans to the side of the road where a group of people are standing. The truck then drives down the road again, passing by the same group of people.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a truck driving down a narrow path surrounded by trees, passing by a car, and then driving down a dirt road. The camera captures the truck from different angles, including a close-up of the front of the truck. The video also shows a man standing in front of the truck, and a person walking down the road.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A man is seen riding a skateboard."
00:10-00:20: A man is seen riding a bike.
00:20-00:30: A man is seen riding a skateboard.
00:30-00:40: A man is seen riding a bike.
00:40-00:50: A man is seen riding a skateboard.
00:50-00:60: A man is seen riding a bike.
00:60-00:70: A man is seen riding a skateboard.
00:70-00:80: A man is seen riding a bike.
00:80-00:90: A man is seen riding a skateboard.
"00:90-01:00: A man is seen riding a bike.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people engaging in various activities in a warehouse. The first event is a man riding a bike on a ramp, followed by a man performing a trick on a skateboard. The next event is a man riding a bike on a ramp, and the final event is a man performing a trick on a skateboard.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,The video takes place in a warehouse and a skate park. The man is seen riding a bike in the warehouse and skateboarding in the skate park. The woman is seen talking in front of a wall and a skateboard. The video also shows a man riding a bike in the warehouse and a man riding a skateboard in the skate park.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,3,['park']
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:10: A man is seen driving a car."
0:10-0:20: The car is parked on the side of the road.
0:20-0:30: The man is seen changing the tire.
0:30-0:40: The man is seen dancing.
0:40-0:50: The man is seen eating.
0:50-0:60: The man is seen drinking.
0:60-0:70: The man is seen dancing.
0:70-0:80: The man is seen eating.
0:80-0:90: The man is seen drinking.
"0:90-1:00: The man is seen dancing.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man changing a tire on a car, a man dancing on the sidewalk, and a man sitting at a table with a drink.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man in a white shirt and blue jeans walking on the sidewalk, then getting into a car and driving down the street. He gets out of the car and starts dancing on the sidewalk. He then gets back into the car and drives to a restaurant where he dances on the street.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: A man in a suit and tie is seen talking to the camera.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a news segment with a man and a woman sitting behind a desk, a dog being fed by a woman, and a man holding a dog bowl.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a newsroom where a man is hosting a news segment. The dog is seen in various locations, including a table, a counter, and a couch. The dog is also seen eating food from a bowl and a dog dish. The video also shows a woman holding a dog in her arms and a man holding a dog in his arms.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A man is seen riding a bike down the street."
00:10-00:20: A man is seen riding a bike down the street.
00:20-00:30: A man is seen riding a bike down the street.
00:30-00:40: A man is seen riding a bike down the street.
00:40-00:50: A man is seen riding a bike down the street.
00:50-00:60: A man is seen riding a bike down the street.
00:60-00:70: A man is seen riding a bike down the street.
00:70-00:80: A man is seen riding a bike down the street.
00:80-00:90: A man is seen riding a bike down the street.
"00:90-01:00: A man is seen riding a bike down the street.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man riding a bike down a street, a man standing in front of a building, and a man standing in front of a wall with a bike.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a bike shop and on the streets of a city. The man is seen riding a bike, fixing a bike, and talking to the camera. The video also shows a man riding a skateboard and a man holding a skateboard.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:20: A man is seen cutting up meat on a cutting board."
0:20-0:40: The man is shown mixing ingredients together in a bowl.
0:40-0:60: The man is shown putting the meat on a bun and adding sauce.
0:60-0:80: The man is shown eating the sandwich.
"0:80-1:00: The man is shown talking to the camera.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man preparing a sandwich in a kitchen, followed by him eating the sandwich in a restaurant.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a restaurant where a man is seen preparing a sandwich. He starts by cutting the sides of the bread and then adds meat, cheese, and vegetables. He then mixes mayonnaise and other ingredients in a bowl and spreads it on the bread. Finally, he adds the sandwich to a bun and serves it on a plate.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is shown holding a piece of wood."
00:10-00:20: The person is shown tying a rope to the tree.
00:20-00:30: The person is shown tying a rope to the tree.
00:30-00:40: The person is shown tying a rope to the tree.
00:40-00:50: The person is shown tying a rope to the tree.
"00:50-01:00: The person is shown tying a rope to the tree.</s>"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man in a black shirt standing in front of a tree, a man in a white shirt standing in front of a tree, and a man in a black shirt standing in front of a tree.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,The video shows a man in a yard holding a piece of wood and a rope. He then ties the rope to the tree and pulls the wood towards him. The video also shows a close-up of a hive with bees flying in and out.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A man is seen walking through a field."
00:10-00:20: A man is seen walking through a field.
00:20-00:30: A man is seen walking through a field.
00:30-00:40: A man is seen walking through a field.
00:40-00:50: A man is seen walking through a field.
00:50-00:60: A man is seen walking through a field.
00:60-00:70: A man is seen walking through a field.
00:70-00:80: A man is seen walking through a field.
00:80-00:90: A man is seen walking through a field.
"00:90-01:00: A man is seen walking through a field.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a yellow shirt standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man in a beige shirt and hat talking to the camera in front of a house, a man in a white shirt and hat talking to the camera in front of a house, and a man in a white shirt and hat talking to the camera in front of a house. The video also shows a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house with a yellow tarp, a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house with a yellow tarp, and a man in a white shirt and hat standing in front of a house with a yellow tarp.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A man in a black hat and red scarf is seen walking in the snow."
00:10-00:20: A man in a black hat and red scarf is seen walking in the snow.
00:20-00:30: A man in a black hat and red scarf is seen walking in the snow.
00:30-00:40: A man in a black hat and red scarf is seen walking in the snow.
00:40-00:50: A man in a black hat and red scarf is seen walking in the snow.
"00:50-01:00: A man in a black hat and red scarf is seen walking in the snow.</s>"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people standing in the snow, with some of them walking towards a car. The car is then seen driving down a snowy road, with the passengers inside. The video captures the group's journey through the snowy landscape, with the car driving through the snowy terrain.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people standing in the snow, with a car parked nearby. One person is seen scraping the ice off the car's window, while another person is standing in the driver's seat. The video also shows a person walking in the snow, and a car driving down a snowy road.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A man in a black shirt and white hat is seen walking down the street."
00:10-00:20: A man in a black shirt and white hat is seen walking down the street.
00:20-00:30: A man in a black shirt and white hat is seen walking down the street.
00:30-00:40: A man in a black shirt and white hat is seen walking down the street.
00:40-00:50: A man in a black shirt and white hat is seen walking down the street.
"00:50-01:00: A man in a black shirt and white hat is seen walking down the street.</s>"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a square, with some holding signs and others standing around. A man is seen walking down the street with a group of people, and a woman is seen walking down the street with a sign. The video also shows a man in a suit walking down the street, and a group of people standing around a fountain.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video captures various spatio-temporal contexts, including a city street, a park, and a sidewalk. The main events include a group of people standing on a street corner, a man holding a sign on a sidewalk, and a group of people sitting on a bench in a park. The video also shows a man in a suit walking down a street and a man in a suit standing in front of a building.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,2,['park']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:20: A man is seen kneeling down next to a dog."
0:20-0:40: The man is seen cleaning the dog's ears.
0:40-0:60: The man is seen cleaning the dog's fur.
0:60-0:80: The man is seen cleaning the dog's ears again.
"0:80-1:00: The man is seen cleaning the dog's fur again.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man grooming a dog in a salon, a woman holding a dog in a room, and a man holding a dog in a room.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,The video takes place in a veterinary clinic where a man is seen grooming a dog. The man is seen using a spray bottle to clean the dog's ears and then using a comb to clean the dog's fur. The video also shows a sign for a veterinary clinic and a sign for a pet store.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,00:00-00:10: A plane takes off from the runway.</s>,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video showcases a large airplane taking off from an airport runway, flying over a city, and then landing on the runway.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video captures a large jet airplane taking off from an airport runway, flying over a city, and then landing on the runway. The video also shows a plane flying over a field and a city at sunset.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is seen walking on a bridge."
00:10-00:20: A person is seen walking on a bridge.
00:20-00:30: A person is seen walking on a bridge.
00:30-00:40: A person is seen walking on a bridge.
00:40-00:50: A person is seen walking on a bridge.
00:50-00:60: A person is seen walking on a bridge.
00:60-00:70: A person is seen walking on a bridge.
00:70-00:80: A person is seen walking on a bridge.
"00:80-00:90: A person is seen walking on a bridge.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video showcases a person bungee jumping off a bridge in a scenic location. The person is seen walking towards the edge of the bridge, preparing for the jump. As they jump, they freefall for a few seconds before the bungee cord rebounds, bringing them back up. The person then swings back and forth over the water, experiencing the thrill of the jump. The location is breathtaking, with lush greenery and clear blue water surrounding the bridge. The video captures the excitement and adrenaline rush of the jump, as well as the beauty of the natural surroundings.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video showcases a person bungee jumping off a bridge over a lake, with the camera capturing the person's descent and the surrounding landscape. The video also includes shots of the person walking on a bridge and standing on a cliff overlooking the lake.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:20: A bear is seen climbing a tree."
00:20-00:40: The bear is seen eating something in the tree.
00:40-00:60: The bear is seen climbing down the tree.
"00:60-00:80: The bear is seen walking away from the tree.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a brown bear climbing a tree in a zoo. The bear is seen eating leaves from the tree and then climbing down.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video captures a brown bear in various locations, including a tree, a grassy area, and a forest. The bear is seen climbing a tree, eating leaves, and walking on a grassy area. The video also shows a close-up of the bear's face.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A man is seen riding a bike on a track."
00:10-00:20: A man is seen riding a bike on a track.
00:20-00:30: A man is seen riding a bike on a track.
00:30-00:40: A man is seen riding a bike on a track.
00:40-00:50: A man is seen riding a bike on a track.
"00:50-01:00: A man is seen riding a bike on a track.</s>"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a group of people riding bikes on a track at night. They are wearing helmets and racing around the track. The camera captures their movements as they ride around the track.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video showcases various locations and events, including a skateboarder performing tricks on a ramp, a person riding a bike on a track, and a group of people riding bikes on a track at night. The video also features a person riding a skateboard on a ramp at night, and a person riding a bike on a track at night.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is seen walking in front of a bus."
00:10-00:20: A person is seen walking in front of a bus.
00:20-00:30: A person is seen walking in front of a bus.
00:30-00:40: A person is seen walking in front of a bus.
00:40-00:50: A person is seen walking in front of a bus.
"00:50-01:00: A person is seen walking in front of a bus.</s>"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video showcases a tour bus driving through a narrow canyon, surrounded by large rocks on both sides. The bus is seen driving through the canyon, and the camera captures the scenic views of the canyon walls. The video also shows a man standing on the side of the road, and a car driving through the canyon. The video provides a thrilling experience of the tour bus driving through the narrow canyon, surrounded by large rocks on both sides, and the scenic views of the canyon walls.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,1,1,['the canyon walls.</s']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video captures a bus driving through a mountainous area, with a person standing on the side of the road. The bus is seen driving through a narrow canyon, and the person is seen standing on the side of the road. The video also shows a person standing on the side of the road in front of a bus.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A car is seen driving on a dirt road."
00:10-00:20: The car is seen driving on a dirt road.
00:20-00:30: The car is seen driving on a dirt road.
00:30-00:40: The car is seen driving on a dirt road.
00:40-00:50: The car is seen driving on a dirt road.
00:50-00:60: The car is seen driving on a dirt road.
00:60-00:70: The car is seen driving on a dirt road.
00:70-00:80: The car is seen driving on a dirt road.
"00:80-00:90: The car is seen driving on a dirt road.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a car driving on a dirt road in a desert-like area. The camera captures the car's movement as it travels through the landscape.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video captures a car driving on a dirt road in a desert landscape. The car is seen driving on the road, and the camera captures the surrounding desert landscape. The video also shows a person walking on the dirt road, and the camera captures their feet.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A train is seen passing by."
00:10-00:20: A man is seen standing on the sidewalk.
00:20-00:30: A man is seen standing on the sidewalk.
00:30-00:40: A man is seen standing on the sidewalk.
00:40-00:50: A man is seen standing on the sidewalk.
"00:50-01:00: A man is seen standing on the sidewalk.</s>"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a train passing by a platform where a man is standing. A car is seen driving down the road, and a man is standing next to a car. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to a car with a dog. A man is standing next to"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a train passing by a platform where a man is standing. Later, a car is seen driving down the road with a cow standing on the hood. The car stops, and the cow falls off, causing a traffic jam.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: The chef is seen putting seasoning on the food."
00:10-00:20: The chef is seen putting oil on the food.
00:20-00:30: The chef is seen putting the food on the grill.
00:30-00:40: The chef is seen putting the food on a plate.
00:40-00:50: The chef is seen putting the food on a plate.
"00:50-01:00: The chef is seen putting the food on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a man cooking food on a grill in a restaurant. He is seen cutting up meat and vegetables and cooking them on the grill. The man is also seen pouring sauce on the food and stirring it.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a restaurant kitchen, where a chef is cooking food on a grill. The chef is seen cutting up ingredients and cooking them on the grill. The video starts at 0:00:00 and ends at 0:39:00.</s>"",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is seen walking on a bridge."
00:10-00:20: A person is seen walking on a bridge.
00:20-00:30: A person is seen walking on a bridge.
00:30-00:40: A person is seen walking on a bridge.
00:40-00:50: A person is seen walking on a bridge.
00:50-00:60: A person is seen walking on a bridge.
00:60-00:70: A person is seen walking on a bridge.
00:70-00:80: A person is seen walking on a bridge.
"00:80-00:90: A person is seen walking on a bridge.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video showcases a group of people walking on a bridge, a boat sailing on the water, and a man riding a bike. The bridge is located in Paris, and the boat is sailing on the Seine river. The man on the bike is riding on the same bridge.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video showcases various locations and events, including a bridge over a river with a boat, a crowd of people walking on the bridge, and a large building with a clock tower. The video also features a man riding a bike on the bridge and a person flying a kite in the sky. The video ends with a view of the Eiffel Tower at sunset.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A yellow bulldozer is seen moving on a bridge."
00:10-00:20: A man is seen standing on the bulldozer.
00:20-00:30: The bulldozer is seen moving on the bridge.
00:30-00:40: The bulldozer is seen moving on the bridge.
00:40-00:50: The bulldozer is seen moving on the bridge.
"00:50-01:00: The bulldozer is seen moving on the bridge.</s>"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a large yellow machine moving around a body of water, with a man standing on top of it. The machine is seen moving around the water, and the man is seen standing on top of it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a yellow bulldozer moving through a body of water, with a man standing on top of it. The man is seen moving the bulldozer around, and the camera captures the surrounding area. The video also shows a man standing on a boat in the water, and a man standing on a dock. The video ends with a shot of a man standing on a boat in the water.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill."
00:10-00:20: A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
00:20-00:30: A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
00:30-00:40: A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
00:40-00:50: A man in a red jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.
"00:50-01:00: A man in a blue jacket and black pants is seen walking up a hill.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people standing on a hill, with a man in a blue jacket and a woman in a black jacket standing in front of a blue inflatable. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking up the hill with a ball, and the woman in the black jacket is seen walking up the hill with a child. The man in the blue jacket is seen walking"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video captures a man in a blue jacket and black pants walking up a hill, followed by a man in a red jacket and black pants walking up the hill. The man in the red jacket then slides down the hill on a blue inflatable sled, and the man in the blue jacket follows him down the hill on a red inflatable sled. The video ends with the man in the red jacket walking up the hill again.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A woman and a girl are standing in a yard."
00:10-00:20: A man is raking leaves in the yard.
00:20-00:30: A boy is playing with a dog in the yard.
00:30-00:40: A girl is playing with a toy in the yard.
00:40-00:50: A boy is playing with a toy in the yard.
"00:50-01:00: A girl is playing with a toy in the yard.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of children playing in a yard, with a dog running around and a woman raking leaves. The children are seen playing with a rake and a dog, and a woman is seen raking leaves in the yard.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,The video shows a group of children playing in a yard and a dog running around. They are seen raking leaves into a pile and playing with a rake. The video also shows a man walking his dog in the yard.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: The camera pans around the outside of a building, showcasing its architectural features.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video showcases a large cathedral with a tall tower and a spire, which is surrounded by snowy mountains. The camera pans around the cathedral, capturing its intricate details and architecture. The video also shows a person walking on a bridge in front of the cathedral, and a bird flying over the snowy mountains.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video showcases the beauty of the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris, France, during winter. It starts with a view of the cathedral from the outside, followed by a view from the inside. The camera then pans out to show the city of Paris in the background. The video ends with a view of the cathedral from the outside.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A man is seen walking in a field."
00:10-00:20: A man is seen walking in a field.
00:20-00:30: A man is seen walking in a field.
00:30-00:40: A man is seen walking in a field.
00:40-00:50: A man is seen walking in a field.
00:50-00:60: A man is seen walking in a field.
00:60-00:70: A man is seen walking in a field.
00:70-00:80: A man is seen walking in a field.
"00:80-00:90: A man is seen walking in a field.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a large field with a white circle in the middle, where a man is standing. He is holding a rope and pulling a large metal ball towards the circle. The man then releases the rope, and the ball rolls towards the circle.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man walking through a field with a camera, capturing the surrounding grass and trees. He then walks towards a large rock and a tent, where he interacts with a group of people. The video also shows a man throwing a ball and a discus, as well as a man walking through the field with a dog.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:10: A man and a woman are standing on a bridge."
0:10-0:20: A man is standing on a rock.
0:20-0:30: A man is standing on a rock.
0:30-0:40: A man is standing on a rock.
0:40-0:50: A man is standing on a rock.
0:50-0:60: A man is standing on a rock.
0:60-0:70: A man is standing on a rock.
0:70-0:80: A man is standing on a rock.
0:80-0:90: A man is standing on a rock.
"0:90-1:00: A man is standing on a rock.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video captures a group of people enjoying a day at the river. They are seen standing on a bridge, jumping into the water, and swimming in the river. The location is a beautiful natural setting with a river flowing through it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video captures a group of people enjoying a waterfall in a natural setting. The camera pans around the area, showing the waterfall and the people in the water. The video also shows a man standing on a rock in the water, and another man jumping into the water. The video ends with a man sitting in the water.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: The dog is seen walking on the ground."
00:10-00:20: The dog is seen eating something.
00:20-00:30: The dog is seen playing with a ball.
00:30-00:40: The dog is seen eating something.
00:40-00:50: The dog is seen playing with a ball.
00:50-00:60: The dog is seen eating something.
00:60-00:70: The dog is seen playing with a ball.
00:70-00:80: The dog is seen eating something.
"00:80-00:90: The dog is seen playing with a ball.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a black crow walking on a brick path, a white dog sitting on a chair, and a cat sitting on a chair. The crow is seen eating something on the ground, and the dog is seen eating something on the ground as well. The cat is also seen eating something on the ground.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a black crow walking on a cobblestone path, a white chair with a towel on it, and a white bucket with a white rope. The crow is seen eating food from the bucket and playing with a ball. The video also shows a cat sitting on a chair and a bird sitting on a fence. The crow is seen eating food from a white bucket and playing with a ball.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:15: A boy in a blue shirt and blue shorts is standing in front of a trampoline."
0:15-0:25: A boy in a red shirt and red shorts is standing in front of a trampoline.
0:25-0:35: A boy in a blue shirt and blue shorts is standing in front of a trampoline.
0:35-0:45: A boy in a red shirt and red shorts is standing in front of a trampoline.
0:45-0:55: A boy in a blue shirt and blue shorts is standing in front of a trampoline.
0:55-0:65: A boy in a red shirt and red shorts is standing in front of a trampoline.
0:65-0:75: A boy in a blue shirt and blue shorts is standing in front of a trampoline.
0:75-0:85: A boy in a red shirt and red shorts is standing in front of a trampoline.
0:85-0:95: A boy in a blue shirt and blue shorts is standing in front of a trampoline.
"0:95-1:05: A boy in a red shirt and red shorts is standing in front of a trampoline.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of children playing in a backyard. They are seen running around and playing with each other. One of the boys is seen standing in front of a trampoline, while another is standing in front of a slide. The children are also seen playing with a ball and a frisbee.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video captures a group of children having fun on a large inflatable slide in a backyard. The children are seen running and jumping on the slide, and one of them falls off at the end. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt standing in front of the slide.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is seen swimming underwater."
00:10-00:20: The person is seen swimming through the water.
00:20-00:30: The person is seen swimming through the water.
00:30-00:40: The person is seen swimming through the water.
00:40-00:50: The person is seen swimming through the water.
"00:50-01:00: The person is seen swimming through the water.</s>"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video showcases a variety of underwater scenes, including a person swimming with a fish, a person swimming with a scuba mask, and a person swimming with a fish. The video also features a person swimming with a scuba mask and a fish, and a person swimming with a scuba mask and a fish.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video showcases a scuba diver exploring the underwater world of a lagoon. The diver is seen swimming through the water, observing the coral reefs and fish. The video also captures the diver's movements as they navigate through the water, highlighting the beauty of the underwater environment.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A plane flying over the ocean."
00:10-00:20: A plane flying over the ocean.
00:20-00:30: A plane flying over the ocean.
00:30-00:40: A plane flying over the ocean.
00:40-00:50: A plane flying over the ocean.
00:50-00:60: A plane flying over the ocean.
00:60-00:70: A plane flying over the ocean.
00:70-00:80: A plane flying over the ocean.
00:80-00:90: A plane flying over the ocean.
"00:90-01:00: A plane flying over the ocean.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video showcases a beach scene with a blue umbrella, a plane flying over the ocean, and a woman taking a picture.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video captures a beach scene with a blue umbrella, a plane flying over the ocean, and a woman taking a picture. The plane is seen flying over the ocean and the beach, and the woman is seen taking a picture of the plane. The video also shows a plane flying over a fence and a beach with a blue umbrella.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A man is seen riding a motorcycle down a street."
00:10-00:20: The man is seen riding down a hill.
00:20-00:30: The man is seen riding down a street with a crowd of people.
00:30-00:40: The man is seen riding down a street with a crowd of people.
00:40-00:50: The man is seen riding down a street with a crowd of people.
"00:50-01:00: The man is seen riding down a street with a crowd of people.</s>"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video captures a group of people riding bikes down a hill, with some of them falling off their bikes. The camera follows the bikers as they ride down the hill, and the video ends with a shot of a man standing on the sidewalk.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video captures a person riding a motorcycle down a street, passing by a crowd of people, and then riding down a hill. The video also shows a person riding a bicycle down a street, passing by a crowd of people, and then riding down a hill.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:10: A man is seen standing on a track."
0:10-0:20: The man claps his hands.
0:20-0:30: The man starts running down the track.
0:30-0:40: The man jumps into a pile of sand.
0:40-0:50: The man walks back to the starting point.
0:50-0:60: The man claps his hands.
0:60-0:70: The man starts running down the track again.
0:70-0:80: The man jumps into a pile of sand.
0:80-0:90: The man walks back to the starting point.
"0:90-1:00: The man claps his hands.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man standing on a track, and a group of people running down the track and jumping into a pit.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man standing on a track, and a group of people running down the track and jumping into a pit. The video also shows a man standing on a track with a group of people running down the track and jumping into a pit.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: The man is seen riding a board with a sail."
00:10-00:20: The man is seen riding the board with the sail.
00:20-00:30: The man is seen riding the board with the sail.
00:30-00:40: The man is seen riding the board with the sail.
00:40-00:50: The man is seen riding the board with the sail.
"00:50-01:00: The man is seen riding the board with the sail.</s>"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man sailing on a blue boat in the ocean. He is seen riding the boat in different positions, including standing and sitting. The boat is seen sailing in the water with the wind blowing the sails.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man sailing a boat in the ocean, with the camera capturing the boat from different angles. The man is seen riding the boat in the ocean, and the camera captures the boat from different angles. The video also shows the man riding the boat in the ocean, with the camera capturing the boat from different angles.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: The man is standing in front of a whiteboard."
00:10-00:20: The man is pointing to a square on the whiteboard.
00:20-00:30: The man is pointing to a triangle on the whiteboard.
00:30-00:40: The man is pointing to a square on the whiteboard.
00:40-00:50: The man is pointing to a triangle on the whiteboard.
00:50-00:60: The man is pointing to a square on the whiteboard.
00:60-00:70: The man is pointing to a triangle on the whiteboard.
00:70-00:80: The man is pointing to a square on the whiteboard.
"00:80-00:90: The man is pointing to a triangle on the whiteboard.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man standing in front of a whiteboard, pointing to different shapes and writing on it. He then proceeds to draw a square and a circle on the board.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man standing in front of a whiteboard, drawing a square and a circle. He then proceeds to draw a line connecting the center of the square to the center of the circle. The video ends with the man pointing to the board.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:25: A person's hands are seen holding a piece of paper."
0:25-0:45: The person folds the paper in half.
0:45-0:65: The person folds the paper again.
"0:65-0:85: The person folds the paper again.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person's hands holding a piece of paper and folding it. The hands are seen in different positions, including on a table and on a wooden surface. The person is also seen holding a green piece of paper and a green piece of paper with a hole in it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person's hands holding a piece of paper and folding it in half. The hands are seen on a wooden table, and the person is wearing a ring on their finger. The video starts at 00:00:00 and ends at 00:15:00.</s>"",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:15: The video starts with a close-up shot of a green character wearing a gold crown and a green shirt."
0:15-0:25: The character is seen talking on a red phone.
0:25-0:35: The character is seen talking on a yellow phone.
0:35-0:45: The character is seen talking on a green phone.
0:45-0:55: The character is seen talking on a red phone.
0:55-0:65: The character is seen talking on a yellow phone.
0:65-0:75: The character is seen talking on a green phone.
0:75-0:85: The character is seen talking on a red phone.
"0:85-0:95: The character is seen talking on a yellow phone.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a green character wearing a gold crown and a green shirt talking on a red phone. The character is standing in front of a table with a red bucket and a yellow bucket. The character is also seen talking on the phone in front of a wall with a picture of a car and a red bucket.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,The video takes place in a room with a table and a red fire hydrant. The main event is the character in the video talking on a red phone.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A girl is seen riding a horse in a field."
00:10-00:20: The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
00:20-00:30: The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
00:30-00:40: The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
00:40-00:50: The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.
"00:50-01:00: The girl is seen riding the horse in a field.</s>"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a girl riding a horse in a field, and the horse is seen running around in circles. The girl is also seen riding the horse in a fenced area.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a girl riding a horse in a field, with the horse running and jumping over obstacles. The girl is seen riding the horse in different locations, including a field and a dirt road. The video also shows the horse running in a field with a fence and a dirt road.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:20: The man is seen playing the guitar."
0:20-0:40: The man stops playing the guitar and looks up.
0:40-0:60: The man starts playing the guitar again.
"0:60-0:80: The man stops playing the guitar and looks up.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man playing the guitar in different locations, including a bedroom and a room with a rug. He is seen playing the guitar in various positions, including sitting on a bed and a chair.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man playing a guitar in various locations, including a bedroom and a room with a rug. He is seen playing the guitar in different positions, including sitting on a bed and on the floor. The video also shows the man playing the guitar in different positions, including sitting on a bed and on the floor.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is seen walking into the frame."
00:10-00:20: The person is seen walking out of the frame.
00:20-00:30: The camera pans around the bed.
00:30-00:40: The camera zooms in on the bed.
00:40-00:50: The camera pans around the bed again.
"00:50-01:00: The camera zooms out of the bed.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a bed in a room with a white sheet and a black blanket. The camera pans around the bed, and a person is seen walking into the room. The camera then pans around the room, and the person is seen walking out of the room.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a bed in a hotel room with a camouflage patterned bedspread and pillows. The camera pans around the room, and the bed is shown from different angles. The video ends with the camera panning out of the room.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:20: The man is seen holding a box of corn flakes and pouring them into a bowl."
0:20-0:40: The man is seen pouring milk into the bowl.
0:40-0:60: The man is seen stirring the mixture with a spoon.
"0:60-0:80: The man is seen pouring the mixture into a glass.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man in a kitchen preparing a dish. He is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl, adding milk to the mixture, and stirring it with a spoon. The man is also seen holding a bowl of food and a spoon, and he is standing in front of a counter with a bowl of food.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen with a white countertop and a white bowl. The man is seen standing in front of the countertop, holding a bowl and a spoon. He pours flour into the bowl and mixes it with a spoon. The video ends with the man holding the bowl and the spoon.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:25: The dog is seen lying on the floor."
0:25-0:45: The dog is seen lying on its back.
0:45-0:65: The dog is seen lying on its side.
"0:65-0:85: The dog is seen lying on its back again.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a dog lying on the floor of a kitchen. The dog is seen moving its legs and wagging its tail.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a dog lying on a wooden floor in a kitchen. The dog is seen in different positions, including on its back and stomach, and is sometimes accompanied by a person's hand. The video also includes a brief shot of a cat sitting on a bed.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: The cat is seen sitting on a bed."
00:10-00:20: The cat is seen sitting on a bed.
00:20-00:30: The cat is seen sitting on a bed.
00:30-00:40: The cat is seen sitting on a bed.
00:40-00:50: The cat is seen sitting on a bed.
00:50-00:60: The cat is seen sitting on a bed.
00:60-00:70: The cat is seen sitting on a bed.
00:70-00:80: The cat is seen sitting on a bed.
"00:80-00:90: The cat is seen sitting on a bed.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a white cat in a room with a wooden floor and a window. The cat is seen sitting on a wooden table and looking at the camera. It then begins to play with a toothbrush and continues to do so while looking at the camera.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a white cat in various locations, including a room with a bed, a table, and a window. The cat is seen sitting on a bed, standing on a table, and sitting on a window sill. The cat is also seen standing on a bed with a blue blanket and sitting on a bed with a white blanket. The cat is also seen sitting on a bed with a white blanket and a blue blanket.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: The man is holding a camera and a tripod."
00:10-00:20: The man is holding a camera and a tripod.
00:20-00:30: The man is holding a camera and a tripod.
00:30-00:40: The man is holding a camera and a tripod.
00:40-00:50: The man is holding a camera and a tripod.
00:50-00:60: The man is holding a camera and a tripod.
00:60-00:70: The man is holding a camera and a tripod.
00:70-00:80: The man is holding a camera and a tripod.
00:80-00:90: The man is holding a camera and a tripod.
"00:90-01:00: The man is holding a camera and a tripod.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a man holding a camera and a tripod in a field. He is seen walking around and talking to the camera while holding the equipment.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,The video takes place in a field with tall grass and trees in the background. The man is seen holding a camera and a tripod while talking to the camera. He then proceeds to hold up the camera and tripod while still talking to the camera.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: The group of drummers begins to play their instruments."
00:10-00:20: The group of drummers continues to play their instruments.
00:20-00:30: The group of drummers stops playing their instruments.
00:30-00:40: The group of drummers begins to march in place.
00:40-00:50: The group of drummers continues to march in place.
00:50-00:60: The group of drummers stops marching in place.
00:60-00:70: The group of drummers begins to play their instruments again.
00:70-00:80: The group of drummers continues to play their instruments.
"00:80-00:90: The group of drummers stops playing their instruments.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a group of people dressed in purple uniforms playing drums in a field. They are surrounded by tall grass and trees.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a field with trees in the background. The group of drummers is seen playing their instruments in unison, with the camera capturing their movements from different angles. The video ends with the group walking away from the camera.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,00:00-00:10: A person riding a bike down a road.</s>,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a car driving down a road with trees on both sides, passing by a red and white sign, and a person riding a bike down the same road.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a car driving down a road surrounded by trees, passing another car, and then driving down a different road.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:20: The man pours red sauce into a pot."
0:20-0:40: The man stirs the pot with a wooden spoon.
0:40-0:60: The man pours the sauce into a jar.
0:60-0:80: The man stirs the sauce in the pot.
"0:80-1:00: The man pours the sauce into a jar.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man cooking in a kitchen. He pours tomato sauce into a pot on the stove, adds meat and spices, and stirs it. He then pours in more sauce and stirs it again.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen where a man is cooking. He pours tomato sauce into a pot on the stove, adds meat and spices, and stirs it. The video ends with the man taking the pot off the stove.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0.0-0.25: The woman is seen wearing a red shirt and glasses."
0.25-0.45: The woman is seen talking to the camera.
0.45-0.65: The woman is seen talking to the camera again.
"0.65-0.85: The woman is seen talking to the camera again.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a woman wearing a red shirt and glasses standing in front of a window. She is seen talking to the camera and pointing to her mouth. The video also shows a man in a red shirt standing in front of a window, and a woman in a red shirt standing in front of a window.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,The video shows a woman wearing a red shirt and glasses standing in front of a window. She talks to the camera and points to her mouth while wearing glasses. The video also shows her wearing a red shirt and glasses while standing in front of a door and a window.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A large fish swims in the water."
00:10-00:20: A smaller fish swims in the water.
00:20-00:30: The large fish swims in the water.
00:30-00:40: The smaller fish swims in the water.
00:40-00:50: The large fish swims in the water.
00:50-00:60: The smaller fish swims in the water.
00:60-00:70: The large fish swims in the water.
00:70-00:80: The smaller fish swims in the water.
"00:80-00:90: The large fish swims in the water.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of sharks swimming in the ocean. One of the sharks is seen swimming towards the camera, while another shark is swimming behind it. The sharks are seen swimming around in the water, with one of them swimming towards the camera.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a large body of water with two sharks swimming around. One of the sharks is seen swimming towards the camera, while the other is swimming away. The video captures the beauty of the underwater world and the movement of the sharks in their natural habitat.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:10: A man in a cowboy hat and white shirt is seen talking to the camera."
0:10-0:20: A man in a cowboy hat and white shirt is seen talking to the camera.
0:20-0:30: A man in a cowboy hat and white shirt is seen talking to the camera.
0:30-0:40: A man in a cowboy hat and white shirt is seen talking to the camera.
0:40-0:50: A man in a cowboy hat and white shirt is seen talking to the camera.
0:50-0:60: A man in a cowboy hat and white shirt is seen talking to the camera.
0:60-0:70: A man in a cowboy hat and white shirt is seen talking to the camera.
0:70-0:80: A man in a cowboy hat and white shirt is seen talking to the camera.
"0:80-0:90: A man in a cowboy hat and white shirt is seen talking to the camera.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a group of people riding horses in a desert. They are seen sitting on their horses and talking to each other.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people riding horses in different locations, including a desert and a rocky area. The main event in the video is a man talking to the camera while riding a horse.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: The man in the tan shirt is seen walking away from the table."
00:10-00:20: The man in the tan shirt is seen walking towards the table.
00:20-00:30: The man in the tan shirt is seen cutting the dough.
00:30-00:40: The man in the tan shirt is seen putting the dough on the table.
00:40-00:50: The man in the tan shirt is seen putting the dough on the table.
00:50-00:60: The man in the tan shirt is seen putting the dough on the table.
00:60-00:70: The man in the tan shirt is seen putting the dough on the table.
00:70-00:80: The man in the tan shirt is seen putting the dough on the table.
"00:80-00:90: The man in the tan shirt is seen putting the dough on the table.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows two men working in a kitchen, preparing dough and shaping it into various forms. They are seen cutting and shaping the dough, and then placing it on a table. The video also shows a person walking in the background.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows two men working in a kitchen, preparing dough and shaping it into various forms. They are seen working on a table with a machine, and at one point, they are seen working on a conveyor belt. The video also shows a man standing in front of a counter with a piece of dough, and another man standing in front of a counter with a piece of dough.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:20: A man in a black coat is seen talking to a woman."
0:20-0:40: A man in a black coat is seen talking to a woman.
0:40-0:60: A man in a black coat is seen talking to a woman.
0:60-0:80: A man in a black coat is seen talking to a woman.
"0:80-1:00: A man in a black coat is seen talking to a woman.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man and a woman standing in front of a building, with the man holding a piece of paper and the woman holding a piece of broccoli. The man then proceeds to cut the broccoli and hands it to the woman, who takes a bite.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man and a woman standing in front of a building, with a man in a suit standing in front of a wall. The man in the suit is seen holding a piece of paper and a bag of vegetables. The woman is seen holding a piece of paper and a bag of vegetables. The man in the suit is also seen holding a bag of vegetables.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:10: The man is seen holding a lacrosse stick and talking to the camera."
0:10-0:20: The man is seen running with the lacrosse stick.
0:20-0:30: The man is seen throwing the ball into the goal.
0:30-0:40: The man is seen running with the lacrosse stick.
0:40-0:50: The man is seen throwing the ball into the goal.
0:50-0:60: The man is seen running with the lacrosse stick.
0:60-0:70: The man is seen throwing the ball into the goal.
0:70-0:80: The man is seen running with the lacrosse stick.
0:80-0:90: The man is seen throwing the ball into the goal.
"0:90-0:99: The man is seen running with the lacrosse stick.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man standing in a field, holding a lacrosse stick and talking to the camera. He then demonstrates how to throw a ball into a goal.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,The video takes place on a field where a man is seen holding a lacrosse stick and throwing a ball. He is also seen running with the ball and throwing it. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt standing on the field.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: The woman is seen brushing her teeth."
00:10-00:20: The woman is seen brushing her teeth.
00:20-00:30: The woman is seen brushing her teeth.
00:30-00:40: The woman is seen brushing her teeth.
00:40-00:50: The woman is seen brushing her teeth.
00:50-00:60: The woman is seen brushing her teeth.
00:60-00:70: The woman is seen brushing her teeth.
00:70-00:80: The woman is seen brushing her teeth.
"00:80-00:90: The woman is seen brushing her teeth.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a woman in a bathroom with a toothbrush in her mouth, a man in a black shirt standing in front of a mirror, and a woman in a black shirt and glasses sitting on a bed.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a woman in a bathroom with a toothbrush, a woman in a room with a cat, and a woman in a room with a cat and a dog. The woman in the bathroom is seen brushing her teeth, while the woman in the room with the cat is seen holding a toothbrush. The woman in the room with the cat and the dog is seen holding a toothbrush and a cup.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:10: The man and woman are standing in front of a mirror."
0:10-0:20: The man and woman are dancing in the gym.
0:20-0:30: The man and woman are dancing in the gym.
0:30-0:40: The man and woman are dancing in the gym.
0:40-0:50: The man and woman are dancing in the gym.
0:50-0:60: The man and woman are dancing in the gym.
0:60-0:70: The man and woman are dancing in the gym.
0:70-0:80: The man and woman are dancing in the gym.
"0:80-0:90: The man and woman are dancing in the gym.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people dancing in a gym. They are seen performing a choreographed dance routine, with the group moving in unison. The dancers are dressed in athletic clothing and are moving to the beat of the music. The gym is well-lit, with mirrors on the walls and equipment visible in the background. The dancers are energetic and seem to be enjoying themselves, with smiles on their faces. The video captures the group's movements from different angles, providing a comprehensive view of the dance routine. Overall, the video showcases a group of talented dancers performing a well-coordinated routine in a gym setting.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a gym where a group of four people are seen dancing together. They are wearing workout clothes and are performing a choreographed dance routine. The video starts with the group standing in front of a mirror, and they continue dancing together until the end of the video.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:10: A man riding a horse chases a cow."
0:10-0:20: The man throws a rope around the cow's neck.
0:20-0:30: The man jumps off the horse and ties the rope.
0:30-0:40: The man gets back on the horse.
"0:40-0:50: The man rides the horse out of the arena.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a rodeo event taking place in a large arena. The audience is seated in the stands, and the rodeo clowns are performing their tricks to distract the bulls. The cowboys are riding their horses and trying to catch the bulls. The video captures the excitement and danger of the rodeo, with the cowboys and clowns working together to keep the audience entertained and safe.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video captures a rodeo event in a stadium, where a man on a horse chases and ropes a calf, and then ties its legs together. The event takes place in front of a large crowd, and the video shows the audience's reactions.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:10: A group of people in yellow outfits are seen walking down the street."
0:10-0:20: The group starts dancing and twirling batons.
0:20-0:30: The group continues dancing and twirling batons.
0:30-0:40: The group starts twirling batons in the air.
0:40-0:50: The group continues twirling batons in the air.
0:50-0:60: The group starts dancing and twirling batons again.
0:60-0:70: The group continues dancing and twirling batons.
0:70-0:80: The group starts twirling batons in the air.
0:80-0:90: The group continues twirling batons in the air.
"0:90-0:99: The group finishes their performance and walks off the street.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people dressed in yellow outfits performing a dance routine on a street. They are seen crossing their arms and moving their legs in a coordinated manner. The performance is watched by a large crowd of people who are standing on the sidewalk. The dancers continue to move around the street, and the crowd cheers them on.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video captures a group of people dressed in yellow outfits performing a dance routine on a street. They move in unison, crossing their arms and moving their legs in a coordinated manner. The performance takes place in front of a crowd of people who are watching and cheering them on. The video also shows a man in a yellow shirt and hat walking down the street, and a group of people in yellow outfits standing on a street corner.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:20: The man is standing in a gym and talking."
0:20-0:40: The man is lifting a barbell up to his chest.
0:40-0:60: The man is lifting the barbell over his head.
"0:60-0:80: The man is lowering the barbell back down to the ground.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a man lifting weights in a gym. He is seen lifting a barbell and squatting with it. The man is also seen standing in front of a mirror and holding a dumbbell.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a gym, where a man is seen lifting a barbell. He starts by lifting the barbell to his chest and then lifts it over his head. The video ends with him dropping the barbell on the ground.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:10: A woman in a pink shirt and black pants is seen holding a hula hoop."
0:10-0:20: The woman starts spinning the hula hoop around her waist.
0:20-0:30: The woman starts spinning the hula hoop around her arms.
0:30-0:40: The woman starts spinning the hula hoop around her legs.
0:40-0:50: The woman starts spinning the hula hoop around her hips.
0:50-0:60: The woman starts spinning the hula hoop around her neck.
0:60-0:70: The woman starts spinning the hula hoop around her shoulders.
0:70-0:80: The woman starts spinning the hula hoop around her wrists.
0:80-0:90: The woman starts spinning the hula hoop around her ankles.
"0:90-1:00: The woman starts spinning the hula hoop around her knees.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a woman in a pink shirt and black pants hula hooping in a room with a white carpet. She is seen spinning the hula hoop around her waist and arms, and then she throws it on the ground. The video also shows a man in a white shirt and black pants hula hooping in a different room with a white carpet.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,The video shows a woman in a pink shirt and blue pants hula hooping in a room with a white wall and a white rug. She is wearing a pink shirt and blue pants. The video also shows a man in a white shirt and black pants standing in front of a fireplace. The woman is seen hula hooping in front of a fireplace and in a living room. The video also shows a woman in a pink shirt and blue pants standing in front of a fireplace.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A man and a woman are seen sitting in a canoe."
00:10-00:20: The man and woman are seen paddling the canoe.
00:20-00:30: The man and woman are seen paddling the canoe.
00:30-00:40: The man and woman are seen paddling the canoe.
00:40-00:50: The man and woman are seen paddling the canoe.
"00:50-01:00: The man and woman are seen paddling the canoe.</s>"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a serene lake surrounded by trees and a parking lot with cars parked on the shore. Two men are seen paddling a red canoe in the lake, and a woman is seen walking on the beach. The video captures the peacefulness of the lake and the natural beauty of the surroundings.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video captures two men kayaking on a lake, with a woman sitting on the shore watching them. The kayakers are seen paddling their way through the water, and the woman is seen sitting on the shore watching them. The video also shows the kayakers passing by a beach with parked cars.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:20: The woman is standing in a field and talking to the camera."
0:20-0:40: The woman is holding a hula hoop and talking to the camera.
0:40-0:60: The woman is demonstrating how to use the hula hoop.
0:60-0:80: The woman is still demonstrating how to use the hula hoop.
"0:80-1:00: The woman is still demonstrating how to use the hula hoop.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a woman demonstrating how to use a hula hoop in a field. She starts by holding the hoop and then spins it around her waist. She then demonstrates how to use the hoop to perform tricks.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,The video takes place in a green field with trees in the background. The woman is seen standing in the grass holding a hula hoop and demonstrating how to use it. She also shows how to use a hula hoop with a rope. The video ends with a green screen displaying the logo of the channel.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:20: The wrestler in the black trunks stands up."
0:20-0:40: The wrestler in the red trunks stands up.
0:40-0:60: The wrestler in the black trunks falls to the ground.
0:60-0:80: The wrestler in the red trunks stands up.
0:80-1:00: The wrestler in the black trunks stands up.
1:00-1:20: The wrestler in the red trunks falls to the ground.
1:20-1:40: The wrestler in the black trunks stands up.
1:40-1:60: The wrestler in the red trunks stands up.
1:60-1:80: The wrestler in the black trunks falls to the ground.
1:80-2:00: The wrestler in the red trunks stands up.
"2:00-2:20: The wrestler in the black trunks falls to the ground.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a wrestling match taking place in a ring. Two wrestlers are seen fighting, and one of them is thrown to the ground. The referee is also present, and the crowd is cheering.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows two wrestlers in a ring, with one wrestler being thrown to the ground by the other. The wrestlers are wearing red and black outfits, and the referee is wearing a black shirt. The video takes place in a wrestling ring, and the wrestlers are performing various moves such as grabbing each other's heads and throwing each other to the ground. The video ends with one wrestler being thrown to the ground by the other.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:20: A man in a yellow shirt and black shorts is seen running towards the ball."
0:20-0:35: The man in the yellow shirt kicks the ball towards the goal.
0:35-0:45: The man in the blue shirt kicks the ball towards the goal.
0:45-0:55: The man in the yellow shirt kicks the ball towards the goal.
0:55-0:65: The man in the blue shirt kicks the ball towards the goal.
0:65-0:75: The man in the yellow shirt kicks the ball towards the goal.
0:75-0:85: The man in the blue shirt kicks the ball towards the goal.
0:85-0:95: The man in the yellow shirt kicks the ball towards the goal.
"0:95-1:05: The man in the blue shirt kicks the ball towards the goal.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a group of people playing indoor soccer in a gym. They are seen running around and kicking the ball back and forth.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people playing indoor soccer in a gym. The players are seen running around and kicking the ball. The video starts with a man in a yellow shirt running towards the ball, followed by a man in a blue shirt who kicks the ball towards the goal. The video ends with a man in a black shirt kicking the ball towards the goal.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:20: A person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl."
0:20-0:40: The person is seen pouring the mixture into a pan and putting it in the oven.
0:40-0:60: The person takes the pan out of the oven and shows off the cakes.
"0:60-0:80: The person takes a bite of the cake.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person mixing ingredients in a bowl, pouring the mixture into a pan, and baking it in the oven. The person then takes the pan out of the oven and cuts the cake into pieces. The video also shows the person holding a cupcake with a bite taken out of it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen where a person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl. The person then pours the mixture into a pan and bakes it in the oven. After the cake is done, the person takes it out of the oven and places it on a plate. The video ends with the person holding a piece of the cake.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:10: A man is seen walking down the street with his dog."
0:10-0:20: The man is seen walking down the street with his dog.
0:20-0:30: The man is seen walking down the street with his dog.
0:30-0:40: The man is seen walking down the street with his dog.
0:40-0:50: The man is seen walking down the street with his dog.
0:50-0:60: The man is seen walking down the street with his dog.
0:60-0:70: The man is seen walking down the street with his dog.
0:70-0:80: The man is seen walking down the street with his dog.
0:80-0:90: The man is seen walking down the street with his dog.
"0:90-1:00: The man is seen walking down the street with his dog.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a group of people walking down a street with their dogs. They are seen walking past a building and a store. The people are also seen walking down the street with their dogs.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video captures various scenes of people walking down the street with their dogs, including a man walking his dog in front of a building, a woman walking her dog in front of a store, and a man walking his dog in front of a building. Additionally, there is a scene of a man walking his dog in front of a building with a crowd of people watching.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:20: The woman is seen standing in a boxing ring, wearing a yellow shirt and black pants. She is holding a punching bag and begins to move it up and down."
0:20-0:40: The woman starts to move the punching bag around in a circle.
0:40-0:60: The woman starts to move the punching bag around in a figure eight motion.
0:60-0:80: The woman starts to move the punching bag around in a straight line.
"0:80-1:00: The woman starts to move the punching bag around in a circular motion.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a woman wearing a yellow shirt and black tights performing a series of movements in a gym. She starts by moving her arms and legs around, then moves her feet back and forth, and finally, she turns around and continues to move her arms and legs.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a woman wearing a yellow shirt and black tights practicing boxing in a gym. She starts by doing a series of kicks and punches, then moves on to a combination of kicks and punches. She finishes with a series of kicks and punches.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A woman is shown holding a contact lens."
00:10-00:20: The woman puts the contact lens in her eye.
00:20-00:30: The woman takes the contact lens out of her eye.
00:30-00:40: The woman puts the contact lens back in her eye.
00:40-00:50: The woman takes the contact lens out of her eye.
00:50-00:60: The woman puts the contact lens back in her eye.
00:60-00:70: The woman takes the contact lens out of her eye.
00:70-00:80: The woman puts the contact lens back in her eye.
"00:80-00:90: The woman takes the contact lens out of her eye.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a person putting on contact lenses in a bathroom.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,The video takes place in a dark room with a black background. The man is seen holding a contact lens in his hand and putting it in his eye. He then takes out the contact lens and puts it back in again.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: A man in a suit is seen talking to the camera.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man in a suit and tie speaking to the camera, a man in a bullfighting outfit holding a red cape, and a man in a suit and tie speaking to the camera again. The video also shows a man in a suit and tie speaking to the camera in front of a wall of pictures.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man in a suit and tie speaking to the camera in a newsroom, a man in a bullfighting outfit standing in front of a bullring, and a man in a suit and tie speaking to the camera in a different location. The video also includes a scene of a man in a suit and tie speaking to the camera in a room with a TV.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A woman in a white shirt is seen walking."
00:10-00:20: A woman in a blue shirt is seen walking.
00:20-00:30: A woman in a blue shirt is seen walking.
00:30-00:40: A woman in a blue shirt is seen walking.
00:40-00:50: A woman in a blue shirt is seen walking.
00:50-00:60: A woman in a blue shirt is seen walking.
00:60-00:70: A woman in a blue shirt is seen walking.
00:70-00:80: A woman in a blue shirt is seen walking.
00:80-00:90: A woman in a blue shirt is seen walking.
"00:90-01:00: A woman in a blue shirt is seen walking.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a group of people gathered in a room, with two women arm wrestling on a table. The woman on the left wins, and the woman on the right is visibly upset. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt standing in front of a crowd, with the woman in the white shirt holding a microphone.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a woman in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt arm wrestling on a table. The woman in blue shirt wins the match and celebrates by jumping on the back of the other woman. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a blue shirt arm wrestling on a table, with the woman in blue shirt winning and celebrating by jumping on the back of the other woman.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A collage of food items is shown."
00:10-00:20: A person is seen cutting up food on a cutting board.
00:20-00:30: A person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl.
00:30-00:40: A person is seen stirring ingredients in a pot.
00:40-00:50: A person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl.
"00:50-01:00: A person is seen stirring ingredients in a pot.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person cutting up vegetables on a cutting board, mixing them in a bowl, and then pouring the mixture into a pan. The video also shows a person stirring the mixture in the pan.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video showcases a woman preparing a dish in a kitchen. She starts by cutting vegetables on a cutting board, then adds them to a pan with olive oil. She stirs the mixture and adds more ingredients, including pasta and cheese. The video ends with the woman serving the dish on a plate.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A man and a woman are seen sitting on a bench."
00:10-00:20: The man is seen brushing his teeth.
00:20-00:30: The woman is seen brushing her teeth.
00:30-00:40: The man is seen brushing his teeth again.
00:40-00:50: The woman is seen brushing her teeth again.
00:50-00:60: The man is seen brushing his teeth again.
00:60-00:70: The woman is seen brushing her teeth again.
00:70-00:80: The man is seen brushing his teeth again.
00:80-00:90: The woman is seen brushing her teeth again.
"00:90-00:99: The man is seen brushing his teeth again.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man brushing his teeth in front of a mirror, a woman standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a bench, a man standing in front of a mirror, a man and a woman sitting on a ben"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video starts with a man and a woman sitting on a beach, followed by a man brushing his teeth in a bathroom. The man then goes to the beach and sits on a rock, while the woman is seen in a bathroom with a toothbrush. The video ends with the man and woman sitting on a bench in a park.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['park']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:10: A blue screen with a logo and website address."
0:10-0:20: A blue screen with a logo and website address.
0:20-0:30: A blue screen with a logo and website address.
0:30-0:40: A blue screen with a logo and website address.
0:40-0:50: A blue screen with a logo and website address.
0:50-0:60: A blue screen with a logo and website address.
0:60-0:70: A blue screen with a logo and website address.
0:70-0:80: A blue screen with a logo and website address.
"0:80-0:90: A blue screen with a logo and website address.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man laying down cardboard on the floor, measuring it, and then putting down padding. He then lays down another piece of cardboard and puts down another piece of padding.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man laying down tiles on a floor, with a green and white box with a green and white paper on it. The man is also seen laying down a carpet on the floor. The video also shows a blue background with a green and white box with a green and white paper on it.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is seen walking into the kitchen."
00:10-00:20: The person is seen washing dishes in the sink.
00:20-00:30: The person is seen cutting up food on a cutting board.
00:30-00:40: The person is seen putting the food on a plate.
00:40-00:50: The person is seen putting the plate in the oven.
"00:50-01:00: The person is seen taking the food out of the oven.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man in a kitchen preparing food. He is seen cutting up a piece of meat on a cutting board, and later he is shown washing dishes in the sink.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man in a kitchen preparing food. He is seen cutting up a piece of food on a cutting board, washing dishes in the sink, and putting a plate of food on the table. The video also shows a person standing in front of a counter with a bowl of food, and a person standing in front of a counter with a bowl of food.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is seen walking into the frame."
00:10-00:20: The person is seen putting a box on the table.
00:20-00:30: The person is seen pouring something into a mug.
00:30-00:40: The person is seen putting a lid on the mug.
00:40-00:50: The person is seen putting a box on the table.
00:50-00:60: The person is seen putting a lid on the mug.
00:60-00:70: The person is seen putting a box on the table.
00:70-00:80: The person is seen putting a lid on the mug.
"00:80-00:90: The person is seen putting a box on the table.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a person opening a bag of oatmeal and pouring it into a container. The person then adds water to the container and mixes it. The video also shows a person sitting at a table with a cup of coffee and a bowl of oatmeal.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person in a kitchen setting, with a focus on a wooden table. The person is seen using a box of baking soda and a bowl to clean the table. The video also shows a person sitting on a chair in front of the table, and a person standing in front of the table with a cup.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: The person is seen holding a cup."
00:10-00:20: The person is seen holding a sponge.
00:20-00:30: The person is seen wiping down the cup.
00:30-00:40: The person is seen wiping down the table.
00:40-00:50: The person is seen wiping down the cup again.
00:50-00:60: The person is seen wiping down the table again.
"00:60-00:70: The person is seen wiping down the cup one last time.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink. The person is seen washing a cup and a glass, and then rinsing them off.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person cleaning a mug with a black cloth and a sponge. The person is seen standing in front of a table with a mug, a bowl, and a sponge. The person then proceeds to clean the mug with the sponge and wipes it with the black cloth. The video ends with the person wiping the table with the black cloth.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is seen washing dishes in a sink."
00:10-00:20: The person is seen washing a pan in the sink.
00:20-00:30: The person is seen washing a knife in the sink.
00:30-00:40: The person is seen washing a spoon in the sink.
00:40-00:50: The person is seen washing a bowl in the sink.
"00:50-01:00: The person is seen washing a cup in the sink.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man washing dishes in a kitchen. He is seen washing a pot and a pan in the sink, and then drying them with a towel.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a man washing dishes in a kitchen sink. He starts by washing a pan and then moves on to wash a knife. He then rinses the pan and places it on the drying rack. The video takes place in a kitchen setting, and the man is wearing a white shirt.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is seen walking into a kitchen."
00:10-00:20: The person is seen walking towards the sink.
00:20-00:30: The person is seen washing dishes in the sink.
00:30-00:40: The person is seen putting a bowl in the dishwasher.
00:40-00:50: The person is seen putting a knife in the dishwasher.
00:50-00:60: The person is seen putting a spoon in the dishwasher.
00:60-00:70: The person is seen putting a cup in the dishwasher.
00:70-00:80: The person is seen putting a plate in the dishwasher.
"00:80-00:90: The person is seen putting a bottle in the dishwasher.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a woman in a kitchen, where she is seen cutting a loaf of bread with a knife. She then proceeds to make a sandwich with the bread and butter.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a woman in a kitchen, where she is seen cutting a loaf of bread with a knife. She then proceeds to make a sandwich and puts it on a plate. The video also shows a blurry image of a person walking down a hallway.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is seen walking into the frame."
00:10-00:20: The person is seen walking towards a kitchen counter.
00:20-00:30: The person is seen picking up a bottle of detergent.
00:30-00:40: The person is seen pouring the detergent into a sink.
00:40-00:50: The person is seen scrubbing a pan with a sponge.
00:50-00:60: The person is seen rinsing the pan in the sink.
00:60-00:70: The person is seen wiping the counter with a towel.
"00:70-00:80: The person is seen walking out of the frame.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a person cleaning a kitchen floor with a mop. The person is seen walking around the kitchen and cleaning the floor.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,2,['kitchen']
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person cleaning a kitchen floor using a mop and bucket. The person is seen mopping the floor from left to right, and the camera captures the person's movements. The video also shows a person holding a bottle of water and a bowl of food on the counter.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is seen walking into the kitchen."
00:10-00:20: The person is seen cutting up meat on a cutting board.
00:20-00:30: The person is seen putting the meat into a pan.
00:30-00:40: The person is seen stirring the meat in the pan.
00:40-00:50: The person is seen putting the meat into a bowl.
00:50-00:60: The person is seen putting the meat into a box.
"00:60-0:70: The person is seen putting the box into the fridge.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a person cutting onions on a cutting board in a kitchen. The person then adds meat to the onions and stirs it. The person then adds spices to the mixture and stirs it again. The person then adds more spices and stirs it one last time.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is seen cutting onions on a cutting board, adding them to a pan with meat, and stirring the mixture. The video also shows the person cutting a cake and a piece of meat on a wooden board. The person is seen standing in front of a refrigerator and a microwave. The video ends with the person walking away from the camera.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is seen walking into the kitchen."
00:10-00:20: A person is seen putting a pot on the stove.
00:20-00:30: A person is seen putting a pan on the stove.
00:30-00:40: A person is seen putting a lid on the pot.
00:40-00:50: A person is seen putting a lid on the pan.
00:50-00:60: A person is seen putting a lid on the pot.
00:60-00:70: A person is seen putting a lid on the pan.
00:70-00:80: A person is seen putting a lid on the pot.
00:80-00:90: A person is seen putting a lid on the pan.
"00:90-01:00: A person is seen putting a lid on the pot.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen. The person is seen stirring a pot on the stove and adding ingredients to it. The person then proceeds to cut up meat and adds it to the pot. The person continues to stir the pot and adds more ingredients to it.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen with a blue floor and a white wall. The person is seen cutting meat on a cutting board, cooking it in a pan on the stove, and stirring it with a wooden spoon. The video also shows a person walking on a blue carpet in a room with a blue floor and a white wall.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is seen walking into the kitchen."
00:10-00:20: The person is seen washing dishes in the sink.
00:20-00:30: The person is seen washing a white bowl.
00:30-00:40: The person is seen washing a white plate.
00:40-00:50: The person is seen washing a white cup.
"00:50-01:00: The person is seen washing a white strainer.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink. The person is seen washing a white bowl and a white plate in the sink. The person also washes a white cup and a white pot in the sink. The person then rinses the dishes in the sink and places them in a dish rack.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink. The person is seen washing a white bowl, a white plate, and a white cup. The person also washes a white strainer and a white colander. The video starts at 00:00:00 and ends at 00:38:00.</s>"",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is seen walking into the kitchen."
00:10-00:20: The person is seen cutting a lemon in half.
00:20-00:30: The person is seen squeezing the lemon into a cup.
00:30-00:40: The person is seen cutting a potato.
00:40-00:50: The person is seen cutting a lemon into a bowl.
"00:50-01:00: The person is seen cutting a potato into a bowl.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is seen cutting a lemon in half and squeezing it into a cup. They then pour the lemon juice into a pot on the stove.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen with a wooden table and a sink. The person is seen cutting lemons and potatoes on the table, and later, they are seen in a bowl with a knife. The person is also seen washing dishes in the sink.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is seen walking down a hallway."
00:10-00:20: A person is seen walking down a hallway.
00:20-00:30: A person is seen walking down a hallway.
00:30-00:40: A person is seen walking down a hallway.
00:40-00:50: A person is seen walking down a hallway.
00:50-00:60: A person is seen walking down a hallway.
00:60-00:70: A person is seen walking down a hallway.
00:70-00:80: A person is seen walking down a hallway.
"00:80-00:90: A person is seen walking down a hallway.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl, pouring the mixture into a pan, and then placing the pan in the oven.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl, pouring the mixture into a pan, and baking it in the oven. The video also shows the person taking the pan out of the oven and placing it on a counter.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person opens the refrigerator door."
00:10-00:20: A person takes out a bowl from the refrigerator.
00:20-00:30: A person puts the bowl on the counter.
00:30-00:40: A person puts a pot on the stove.
00:40-00:50: A person puts a pan on the stove.
"00:50-01:00: A person puts a pot on the stove.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person opening a refrigerator, taking out a bowl, and placing it on the counter. The person then proceeds to put the bowl in the microwave and heats it up. After that, the person takes the bowl out of the microwave and puts it back in the refrigerator.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen with a refrigerator and a microwave. The person is seen opening the refrigerator and taking out a bowl, which they then put on the counter. They then proceed to cook food in a pan on the stove. The video ends with the person closing the refrigerator door.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:20: A person is seen cutting up food on a cutting board."
0:20-0:40: The person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl.
0:40-0:60: The person is seen cooking food on a stove.
0:60-0:80: The person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl again.
"0:80-1:00: The person is seen cooking food on a stove.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is seen cutting up ingredients on a cutting board, mixing them in a pot, and stirring them with a spoon. The person also pours the mixture into a bowl and adds more ingredients to it.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen with a stove, sink, and countertop. The person is seen cutting up ingredients on a cutting board, cooking them on a stove, and mixing them in a bowl. The video ends with the person pouring the mixture into a pot and stirring it.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:20: A person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl."
0:20-0:40: The person rolls out dough on a floured surface.
0:40-0:60: The person shapes the dough into a loaf and places it in a pan.
0:60-0:80: The person puts the pan in the oven.
0:80-1:00: The person takes the loaf out of the oven and places it on a cutting board.
"1:00-1:20: The person cuts the loaf into slices.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. They are seen cutting up a loaf of bread and mixing it with other ingredients. They then put the mixture into a pan and put it in the oven. The video also shows the person taking the pan out of the oven and cutting up the food.</s>,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen with a stove, oven, and sink. The person is seen preparing food on the stove and cutting up ingredients on a cutting board. The video starts at 0:00 and ends at 0:59.</s>"",0,1,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is seen holding a bowl of food."
00:10-00:20: The person is seen cutting up food on a pan.
00:20-00:30: The person is seen stirring the food on the pan.
00:30-00:40: The person is seen putting the food on a plate.
"00:40-00:50: The person is seen eating the food.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen. They are seen cutting up food on a cutting board, cooking it in a pan, and then serving it on a plate.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen with a stove, oven, and sink. The person is seen cooking food on the stove and cutting up ingredients on a cutting board. The person also uses a knife to cut up food on a plate. The video ends with the person holding up a plate of food.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""0:00-0:20: A person is seen stirring a pot on the stove."
0:20-0:40: The person is seen stirring the pot again.
0:40-0:50: The person is seen stirring the pot one more time.
0:50-0:60: The person is seen stirring the pot one last time.
0:60-0:70: The person is seen stirring the pot one more time.
0:70-0:80: The person is seen stirring the pot one more time.
"0:80-0:90: The person is seen stirring the pot one more time.</s>"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen. They are seen mixing ingredients in a bowl, pouring the mixture into a pan, and cooking it on a stove. The person then takes the pan off the stove and places it on a counter.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen. The person is seen stirring a pot on the stove, adding ingredients to a bowl, and mixing them together. The person then pours the mixture onto a baking sheet and puts it in the oven. The video ends with the person taking the baking sheet out of the oven.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is seen opening a bag of popcorn."
00:10-00:20: The person pours the popcorn into a microwave.
00:20-00:30: The person puts a cup on the microwave.
00:30-00:40: The person puts a bowl on the microwave.
00:40-00:50: The person puts a lid on the bowl.
00:50-00:60: The person puts a bag of salt on the counter.
00:60-00:70: The person puts a bag of butter on the counter.
00:70-00:80: The person puts a bag of cheese on the counter.
"00:80-00:90: The person puts a bag of corn on the counter.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a kitchen with a microwave, toaster, and various food items. A person is seen pouring water into a glass, and another person is seen standing in front of the microwave. Additionally, a person is seen standing in front of the toaster.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,The video shows a person in a kitchen preparing a sandwich. The person is seen putting butter on the bread and then adding the ingredients to the bread. The video also shows the person taking a bite of the sandwich.</s>,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A white kettle is shown on the stove."
00:10-00:20: A white plate with a donut on it is shown.
00:20-00:30: A white cup with a tea bag in it is shown.
00:30-00:40: A white toaster is shown.
00:40-00:50: A white toaster oven is shown.
00:50-00:60: A white microwave is shown.
00:60-00:70: A white coffee maker is shown.
00:70-00:80: A white toaster is shown.
"00:80-00:90: A white toaster oven is shown.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a kitchen with a toaster, a coffee maker, and a plate of food on the counter. The camera pans around the kitchen, showing the various items on the counter.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,2,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a kitchen counter with a toaster, a coffee maker, a plate of food, and a cup of coffee. The camera pans around the counter, and the toaster is shown in close-up. The video ends with the camera panning away from the counter.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is seen opening a bag of meat."
00:10-00:20: The person is seen cutting the meat on a cutting board.
00:20-00:30: The person is seen cooking the meat in a pan.
00:30-00:40: The person is seen mixing vegetables in a bowl.
00:40-00:50: The person is seen cooking the vegetables in a pan.
00:50-00:60: The person is seen mixing the meat and vegetables together.
"00:60-00:70: The person is seen serving the food on a plate.</s>"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen. They are seen cutting up meat and vegetables on a cutting board, cooking them on a stove, and then mixing them together in a bowl.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person cooking in a kitchen. The person is seen cutting meat on a cutting board, cooking it in a pan on the stove, and then mixing it with vegetables in a bowl. The video also shows the person washing dishes in the sink.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""00:00-00:10: A person is seen walking into the frame."
00:10-00:20: The person is seen putting a kettle on the stove.
00:20-00:30: The person is seen putting a pot on the stove.
00:30-00:40: The person is seen putting a pan on the stove.
00:40-00:50: The person is seen putting a bowl on the counter.
"00:50-01:00: The person is seen putting a plate on the counter.</s>"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video shows a person preparing food in a kitchen. The person is seen putting a pot on the stove, pouring water into a glass, and stirring a pot on the stove. The person also pours the contents of the pot into a bowl and mixes it with a spoon.</s>"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"Video-LLaVA,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen with a sink, microwave, and toaster. The man is seen preparing food on the counter, including toasting bread and making a sandwich. He also washes dishes in the sink and uses a toaster to make toast. The video ends with the man finishing his breakfast.</s>"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man eating a sandwich in a park, while pigeons are walking around him. The man is seen taking a bite of the sandwich and then throwing it away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of events. First, a man is seen eating a sandwich. Next, a bird is shown eating a piece of food. Later, a man is seen eating a pita. Finally, a man is seen eating a piece of food from a bag."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a city, with a sign on the wall reading """"Best Sandwiches in San Francisco."""" The camera then pans to a man eating a sandwich, followed by a pigeon eating a sandwich. The camera then shows a man eating a sandwich, and a pigeon eating a sandwich. The video ends with a man eating a sandwich and a pigeon eating a sandwich."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a city, showcasing various establishments and people walking around. The main events unfold in a pizza shop, where a man is seen eating a sandwich, and later, a bird is seen eating a pizza. The video also features a man sitting on a bench, a bird on the ground, and a man taking a bite of a sandwich."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man who is seen eating a sandwich. He takes a bite and then throws the sandwich on the ground. Subsequently, a bird is shown eating the sandwich."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a man eating a sandwich, a pigeon walking on the ground, and a person pouring ice cream into a cup."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man who is seen eating a sandwich. He then proceeds to throw the sandwich on the ground. Next, a bird is shown eating the sandwich. Finally, the man is seen eating the bird."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a man who is seen eating a sandwich from 00 to 17. He then proceeds to throw the sandwich to the birds from 17 to 34. The man then picks up the sandwich from the ground and continues eating it from 34 to 51. Finally, the man throws the sandwich to the birds once more from 51 to 68."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man eating a sandwich, followed by a pigeon pecking at the sandwich. The man then picks up the sandwich and continues eating it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a close-up shot of a sandwich."
2. The camera then pans to a man eating the sandwich.
3. The man is seen eating the sandwich while walking.
4. The man is shown eating the sandwich while sitting on a bench.
5. The man is seen eating the sandwich while walking on the street.
6. The man is shown eating the sandwich while sitting on a bench.
7. The man is seen eating the sandwich while walking on the street.
8. The man is shown eating the sandwich while sitting on a bench.
9. The man is seen eating the sandwich while walking on the street.
10. The man is shown eating the sandwich while sitting on a bench.
11. The man is seen eating the sandwich while walking on the street.
12. The man is shown eating the sandwich while sitting on a bench.
13. The man is seen eating the sandwich while walking on the street.
14. The man is shown eating the sandwich while sitting on a bench.
15. The man is seen eating the sandwich while walking on the street.
16. The man is shown eating the sandwich while sitting on a bench.
17. The man is seen eating the sandwich while walking on the street.
18. The man is shown eating the sandwich while sitting on a bench.
19. The man is seen eating the sandwich while walking on the street.
"20. The man is shown eating the sandwich while sitting on a bench."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a woman walking down the street with a dog, while a man is seen grooming a dog in a shop. The woman is shown interacting with the dog and the man, while the dog is being groomed. The video ends with the dog being shown in a car."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a woman walking down the street, followed by a scene of a man grooming a dog in a shop. The woman is then shown walking down the street again, and the man is seen speaking to the camera. The video concludes with the woman driving a car and the man continuing to groom the dog."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a city, as evidenced by the presence of cars and pedestrians in the background. The woman is seen walking down the street, and later, a man is seen walking a dog. The video also features a man grooming a dog in a grooming shop, and a woman is seen walking a dog in a park. Additionally, a man is seen talking to the camera while holding a dog, and a woman is seen holding a dog in a car."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a city, showcasing various scenes of people walking down the street, a dog walking with its owner, and a man and woman walking with a dog. The video also features a man grooming a dog in a grooming shop, and a man and woman walking with a dog in a park. Additionally, there are scenes of a man and woman walking with a dog in a city, a man grooming a dog in a grooming shop, and a man and woman walking with a dog in a park."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a woman walking down the street, a man grooming a dog in a shop, and a woman interacting with the dog. Additionally, there are scenes of a man speaking to the camera and a dog being washed in a sink."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a woman walking down the street, a man grooming a dog, and a woman speaking to the camera. The dog is also shown in various locations, including a grooming shop and a car."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a woman walking down the street, followed by a scene of a man grooming a dog in a shop. The man then takes the dog to a grooming room, where he continues to groom it. The dog is eventually shown outside the shop, and the man is seen talking to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a woman walking down the street, followed by a scene of a man grooming a dog. The man then engages in a conversation with the camera, and the dog is shown being groomed again. The woman is seen walking down the street once more, and the man continues to converse with the camera. The dog is shown being groomed for a third time, and the woman is seen walking down the street once more. The man then speaks to the camera once more, and the dog is shown being groomed for a final time."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a woman walking down the street, followed by a scene of a man grooming a dog in a grooming shop. The man is shown speaking to the camera while the dog is being groomed. The video concludes with the man continuing to speak to the camera, and the dog is shown in the car."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A woman in a black coat walks past a store."
2. A man is seen washing a dog in a grooming room.
3. The man is seen washing another dog in the same room.
4. The man is seen washing a third dog in the same room.
5. The man is seen washing a fourth dog in the same room.
6. The man is seen washing a fifth dog in the same room.
7. The man is seen washing a sixth dog in the same room.
8. The man is seen washing a seventh dog in the same room.
9. The man is seen washing a final dog in the same room.
"10. The man is seen washing a final dog in the same room."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man in a yard, who is talking to the camera. He then proceeds to remove the tire from a car and places it on the ground. He then removes the rim from the tire and places it on the ground as well."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man who is initially standing outside, talking to the camera. He then proceeds to remove a tire from a car and place it on the ground. Next, he uses a tool to remove the rubber from the tire, followed by the rim. Finally, he puts the tire back on the rim and returns the rubber to the tire."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a garage, where a man is seen standing in front of a tire. He proceeds to remove the rubber from the tire and then proceeds to remove the rim. The man then takes out a tool and begins to remove the rubber from the rim. After finishing, he puts the rubber back on the rim and puts the rim back on the tire."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a garage, with the man standing in front of a tire and a car parked nearby. The man is seen interacting with the tire, and later, he is shown standing in front of a house."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man engaged in a conversation with the camera. He then proceeds to remove a tire from a car. The man subsequently places the tire on the ground and uses a tool to remove the rubber from the tire. Finally, he removes the rubber from the tire rim and places the tire back on the ground."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a man who is seen talking to the camera and then proceeds to remove a tire from a car. He then proceeds to remove the rubber from the tire and screws it back onto the rim.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man who is initially standing outside, talking to the camera. He then proceeds to remove a tire from a car and places it on the ground. Next, he uses a tool to remove the rubber from the tire, followed by the rim. Finally, he puts the tire back on the rim and returns the rubber to the tire."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a man who is initially standing outside, talking to the camera. From 00 to 17, the man is seen speaking to the camera. Next, the man is shown kneeling down and working on a tire from 17 to 71. Finally, the man is seen standing outside again, still talking to the camera from 71 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man who is initially standing outside, talking to the camera. He then proceeds to demonstrate the process of changing a tire on a car. The man removes the old tire, places a new one on the rim, and secures it with a wrench. Finally, he puts the car jack away and concludes his demonstration."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man is seen talking to the camera, then he picks up a tire and places it on the ground."
2. The man removes the rubber from the tire and places it on the ground.
3. The man removes the rim from the tire and places it on the ground.
4. The man removes the rubber from the rim and places it on the ground.
5. The man removes the rubber from the tire and places it on the ground.
6. The man removes the rubber from the rim and places it on the ground.
7. The man removes the rubber from the tire and places it on the ground.
8. The man removes the rubber from the rim and places it on the ground.
9. The man removes the rubber from the tire and places it on the ground.
"10. The man removes the rubber from the rim and places it on the ground."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of people doing various exercises on a wooden platform. They are seen doing sit-ups, push-ups, and squats. The video also features a man speaking to the camera and a group of people playing rock-paper-scissors."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man performing a series of exercises on a wooden platform. From 00 to 17, he engages in a squat-like movement. From 17 to 34, he jumps up and down on the platform. From 34 to 51, he jumps up and down on the platform while holding his hands up. From 51 to 68, he jumps up and down on the platform while holding his hands up and talking. From 68 to 99, he jumps up and down on the platform while holding his hands up and talking to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a park, where a group of people is seen engaging in various activities. The first scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts performing a handstand on a concrete slab. In the next scene, a man in a green shirt is seen standing on a wall, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen doing a handstand on a concrete slab. The third scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing a handstand on a concrete slab, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen doing a handstand on a concrete slab. The fourth scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing a handstand on a concrete slab, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen doing a handstand on a concrete slab. The fifth scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing a handstand on a concrete slab, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen doing a handstand on a concrete slab. The sixth scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing a handstand on a concrete slab, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen doing a handstand on a concrete slab. The seventh scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing a handstand on a concrete slab, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen doing a handstand on a concrete slab. The eighth scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing a handstand on a concrete slab, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen doing a handstand on a concrete slab. The ninth scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing a handstand on a concrete slab, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen doing a handstand on a concrete slab. The tenth scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing a handstand on a concrete slab, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen doing a handstand on a concrete slab. The eleventh scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing a handstand on a concrete slab, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen doing a handstand on a concrete slab. The twelfth scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing a handstand on a concrete slab, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen doing a handstand on a concrete slab. The thirteenth scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing a handstand on a concrete slab, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen doing a handstand on a concrete slab. The fourteenth scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing a handstand on a concrete slab, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen doing a handstand on a concrete slab. The fifteenth scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing a handstand on a concrete slab, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen doing a handstand on a concrete slab. The sixteenth scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing a handstand on a concrete slab, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen doing a handstand on a concrete slab. The seventeenth scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing a handstand on a concrete slab, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen doing a handstand on a concrete slab. The eighteenth scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing a handstand on a concrete slab, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen doing a handstand on a concrete slab. The nineteenth scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing a handstand on a concrete slab, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen doing a handstand on a concrete slab. The twentieth scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing a handstand on a concrete slab, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen doing a handstand on a concrete slab. The twenty-first scene shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing a handstand on a concrete slab, while another man in a white"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a park, with the man and woman engaging in various activities. The first scene shows the man and woman standing in the park, while the second scene features them sitting on a bench. The third scene depicts the man and woman performing push-ups on the ground, followed by the fourth scene, where they engage in a game of rock-paper-scissors. The fifth scene shows the man and woman playing rock-paper-scissors on the ground, and the sixth scene features them playing the game on a wall. The seventh scene shows the man and woman playing rock-paper-scissors on a wall, and the final scene captures them playing the game on a wall, with the man holding the woman's hand."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a man performing a series of exercises on a wooden platform. He then proceeds to jump down from the platform and engage in a game of rock-paper-scissors with another man. The two men continue to play the game while others watch from the sidelines.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a man in a white shirt and black shorts performing a series of squats and jumping onto a wall. He then walks away, and another man in a white shirt and black shorts joins him. The two men engage in a game of rock-paper-scissors, with the winner jumping onto the wall."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,Certainly! The video features a man performing a series of exercises on a wooden platform. He then proceeds to jump down from the platform and engage in a game of rock-paper-scissors with another man. The two men continue to play the game while others watch from the sidelines.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a man in a white shirt who is seen kneeling down and then standing up. The man in the white shirt is also seen talking to the camera. Additionally, there are several people in the video who are seen jumping up and down on a trampoline."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man in a white shirt and black shorts performing a series of exercises on a wooden platform. He is later joined by another man in a white shirt and black shorts, who also engages in the same exercises. The two men then proceed to jump off the platform together."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a wooden platform."
2. The man in the white shirt and black shorts jumps down from the platform.
3. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
4. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
5. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
6. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
7. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
8. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
9. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
10. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
11. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
12. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
13. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
14. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
15. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
16. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
17. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
18. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
19. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
20. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
21. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
22. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
23. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
24. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
25. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
26. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
27. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
28. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
29. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
30. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
31. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
32. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
33. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
34. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
35. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
36. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
37. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
38. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
39. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
40. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
41. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
42. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
43. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the camera.
44. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping down from a platform.
"45. The man in the white shirt and black shorts is seen talking to the"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a woman who is seen brushing a dog's hair in a bathroom. She then proceeds to brush the dog's hair in a kitchen, and later in a park. The video ends with the woman continuing to brush the dog's hair in a living room."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a woman who is seen brushing her hair in a bathroom. From 00 to 17, she is seen brushing her hair. From 17 to 34, she is seen brushing her hair and speaking to the camera. From 34 to 51, she is seen brushing her hair and speaking to the camera while a dog is present. From 51 to 68, she is seen brushing her hair and speaking to the camera while a dog is present. From 68 to 99, she is seen brushing her hair and speaking to the camera while a dog is present."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding a bottle of shampoo. She then proceeds to wash a dog's face with the shampoo, followed by a scene where she is seen washing a cat's face with the same shampoo. The woman then continues to speak to the camera while holding the bottle of shampoo."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the woman engaging in various activities. The first scene shows her sitting in the kitchen, followed by her standing in front of a sink. The woman then proceeds to brush a dog's fur, and later, she is seen sitting on a bed. The video concludes with the woman standing in front of a sink once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a woman who is seen brushing her hair in a bathroom. She then proceeds to brush her dog's hair, followed by a scene where she is seen brushing her own hair again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a woman who is seen brushing a dog's hair in a bathroom. She then proceeds to brush the dog's hair in a kitchen, and finally, she brushes the dog's hair in a bedroom."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a woman who is initially seen in a kitchen, speaking to the camera. She then proceeds to brush a dog's fur, followed by a scene where she is seen brushing the dog's fur in a bathroom. The woman then returns to the kitchen, where she continues to speak to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a woman who is seen speaking to the camera and displaying various items on a table. From 00 to 17, she is seen speaking to the camera and displaying the items on the table. From 17 to 34, she is seen speaking to the camera and displaying the items on the table. From 34 to 51, she is seen speaking to the camera and displaying the items on the table. From 51 to 68, she is seen speaking to the camera and displaying the items on the table. From 68 to 85, she is seen speaking to the camera and displaying the items on the table. From 85 to 99, she is seen speaking to the camera and displaying the items on the table."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a woman who is seen in various locations, including a kitchen, a bathroom, and a park. She is shown speaking to the camera and holding up different products. The woman is also seen brushing a dog's fur and applying lotion to its paws. Additionally, she is seen holding a bottle of lotion and a bottle of shampoo."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A woman is seen sitting in front of a camera, speaking to the camera."
2. The woman is shown holding a bottle of shampoo and a bottle of conditioner.
3. She proceeds to pour the shampoo into a sink and mix it with water.
4. The woman then adds the conditioner to the mixture and mixes it again.
5. She rinses the dog with the mixture and dries it off.
6. The woman then proceeds to brush the dog's fur.
"7. She finishes by blow-drying the dog's fur."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of people playing a game of rock-paper-scissors, with the winner being the one who throws a rock. The game is played in a circle, and the winner is shown celebrating their victory. The video also shows a man in a white shirt and black pants dancing in the middle of the circle."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of events, including a man in a white shirt dancing, a group of people dancing in a circle, and a man in a white shirt performing a handstand. The video concludes with a group photo of the dancers."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a public square where a group of people are gathered. The scene transitions to a group of people playing cricket in the square. The video then shows a group of people dancing in the square, followed by a group of people playing cricket again. The video concludes with a group of people standing in the square, and the credits are shown."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a city square, where a group of people is gathered. The events unfold from 00 to 17, where the people are seen standing in the square. The camera then pans to show the crowd, and the people begin to dance from 17 to 34. The camera captures the dancers from 34 to 51, and the scene transitions to a group of people dancing in a circle from 51 to 68. The video concludes with the group of people posing for a picture from 68 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a group of people playing a game of rock-paper-scissors. The man in the white shirt emerges victorious in the first round, and subsequently, the woman in the red shirt triumphs in the second round. The man in the white shirt celebrates his victory by jumping up and down."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a series of events where people are seen dancing in a circle. The camera captures the dancers from various angles, including close-ups and wide shots."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a group of people standing on a field, engaged in a dance. They begin to dance in unison, moving their arms and legs in sync. As the dance progresses, the group breaks into smaller groups, each performing their own unique dance moves. The camera captures the vibrant energy of the scene, showcasing the joy and enthusiasm of the dancers."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a group of people playing cricket in a field. From 00 to 17, the group is seen playing the game. From 17 to 34, the group is seen playing cricket in a field. From 34 to 51, the group is seen playing cricket in a field. From 51 to 68, the group is seen playing cricket in a field. From 68 to 85, the group is seen playing cricket in a field. From 85 to 99, the group is seen playing cricket in a field."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video features a group of people playing cricket in a field. The camera captures their movements as they run and throw the ball. The video also shows a man in a white shirt dancing in the middle of the group.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a man in a white shirt and blue shorts standing in front of a group of people."
2. The man in the white shirt and blue shorts begins dancing, and the crowd follows suit.
3. The man in the white shirt and blue shorts continues dancing, and the crowd continues to dance with him.
4. The man in the white shirt and blue shorts dances in front of a building, and the crowd continues to dance with him.
5. The man in the white shirt and blue shorts dances in front of a crowd of people, and the crowd continues to dance with him.
6. The man in the white shirt and blue shorts dances in front of a crowd of people, and the crowd continues to dance with him.
7. The man in the white shirt and blue shorts dances in front of a crowd of people, and the crowd continues to dance with him.
8. The man in the white shirt and blue shorts dances in front of a crowd of people, and the crowd continues to dance with him.
9. The man in the white shirt and blue shorts dances in front of a crowd of people, and the crowd continues to dance with him.
"10. The man in the white shirt and blue shorts dances in front of a crowd of people, and the crowd continues to dance with him."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video features a woman who is seen speaking to the camera while holding a bike. She then proceeds to ride the bike and speaks to the camera again.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a woman who is initially seen talking to the camera. Subsequently, she is shown riding a bike and speaking to the camera again. The woman then engages in a conversation with the camera while riding the bike. Finally, she concludes her dialogue and the video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in various locations, including a bike shop, a street, and a woman's bedroom. The bike shop scene features a woman talking to the camera while a man is seen riding a bike. The street scene shows a man riding a bike and a man in a white shirt riding a bike. The woman's bedroom scene features the woman talking to the camera while a man is seen riding a bike."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a garage, where a woman is seen speaking to the camera. The man is also shown riding a bike in the garage, and later in the city. The video concludes with the woman continuing to speak to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a woman who is initially standing in front of a bike. She then proceeds to ride the bike, which is followed by her speaking to the camera. Next, the woman is shown riding the bike again, and finally, she is seen standing in front of the bike once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a woman speaking to the camera, followed by a man riding a bike. The man then stops and talks to the camera, and finally, he rides the bike again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a woman who is initially standing in front of a bike. She then proceeds to ride the bike, which is followed by her speaking to the camera. Next, the woman is shown riding the bike again, and finally, she concludes her conversation with the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a woman who is initially standing in front of a bike, speaking to the camera. From 00 to 17, she is seen holding a bike tire and discussing it. From 17 to 34, she is shown riding the bike and speaking to the camera. From 34 to 51, she is seen riding the bike and speaking to the camera. From 51 to 68, she is shown riding the bike and speaking to the camera. From 68 to 85, she is seen riding the bike and speaking to the camera. From 85 to 99, she is shown riding the bike and speaking to the camera."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a woman who is initially seen speaking to the camera. She then transitions to riding a bike and engaging in conversation with the camera. The woman continues to ride the bike and converse with the camera, showcasing her skills and providing insights into her experience."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A woman is seen speaking to the camera, followed by a man riding a bike."
2. The man is shown riding the bike on the street, passing by other cyclists.
3. The man is interviewed by the woman, who asks him questions about his experience with the bike.
4. The man demonstrates the features of the bike, including the brakes and the gears.
"5. The woman concludes the video by thanking the man for sharing his experience with the bike."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a man in a red hat and sunglasses who is speaking to the camera. Later, a dragon parade is shown, with people dressed as dragons walking down the street. The parade is accompanied by a band playing music."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man in a red hat who is initially seen talking to the camera. From 00 to 17, the man is engaged in conversation. Subsequently, a dragon parade is depicted from 17 to 34. The parade continues from 34 to 51, showcasing the dragon's movement."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a series of events unfolding in various locations. In the first scene, a man is seen talking to the camera. In the second scene, a man is seen walking down the street. The third scene features a man in a red hat walking down the street. The fourth scene depicts a man in a red hat walking down the street, followed by a man in a red hat walking down the street. The fifth scene displays a man in a red hat walking down the street, and the sixth scene features a man in a red hat walking down the street. The seventh scene shows a man in a red hat walking down the street, and the eighth scene portrays a man in a red hat walking down the street. The ninth scene displays a man in a red hat walking down the street, and the tenth scene features a man in a red hat walking down the street."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a city, showcasing various events and activities. The first scene features a man in a red hat and sunglasses, who is later joined by a group of people. The second scene depicts a parade, with a dragon and a man in a red hat and sunglasses participating. The third scene displays a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, followed by a scene of a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The fourth scene features a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, with a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The fifth scene shows a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, followed by a scene of a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The sixth scene displays a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, with a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The seventh scene features a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, followed by a scene of a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The eighth scene shows a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, with a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The ninth scene depicts a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, followed by a scene of a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The tenth scene displays a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, with a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The eleventh scene shows a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, followed by a scene of a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The twelfth scene depicts a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, with a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The thirteenth scene displays a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, followed by a scene of a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The fourteenth scene shows a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, with a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The fifteenth scene depicts a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, followed by a scene of a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The sixteenth scene displays a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, with a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The seventeenth scene shows a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, followed by a scene of a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The eighteenth scene depicts a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, with a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The nineteenth scene displays a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, followed by a scene of a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The twentieth scene shows a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, with a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The twenty-first scene depicts a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, followed by a scene of a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The twenty-second scene displays a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, with a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The twenty-third scene shows a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, followed by a scene of a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The twenty-fourth scene depicts a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, with a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The twenty-fifth scene displays a man in a red hat and sunglasses walking down the street, followed by a scene of a man in a red hat and sunglasses standing outside a store. The twenty-sixth scene shows a man"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man in a red hat who is initially seen talking to the camera. He then walks away from the camera. Later, a dragon float is shown, followed by a man in a red hat walking past the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a man in a red hat who is the primary focus throughout the video. Additionally, there are several instances of people walking by in the background."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man in a red hat who is initially seen talking to the camera. He then walks away from the camera. Next, a dragon float is shown, followed by a man in a red hat walking past the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a man in a red hat who is initially seen talking to the camera. From 00 to 17, the man is engaged in conversation. Next, a dragon float is depicted moving through the frame from 17 to 34. The float is followed by a group of people in red and yellow attire, who are seen walking from 34 to 51."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man in a red hat who is the central figure throughout the clip. He is initially seen talking to the camera, then walks away. The man is later seen walking down the street, and a dragon float can be seen in the background. The float is prominently displayed from 22 to 71."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man in the red hat is seen talking to the camera."
2. The camera pans to the left, revealing a dragon parade.
3. The dragon parade continues, with the camera capturing various angles.
4. The camera pans to the right, showcasing a man in a black coat.
"5. The camera zooms in on the man in the black coat."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man in a suit standing next to a car and talking to the camera. He then proceeds to demonstrate how to change a tire on the car. The man is seen using a tool to remove the tire and then replacing it with a new one.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man who is initially standing in front of a car, engaged in conversation. From 00 to 17, the man is seen speaking to the camera. Subsequently, he is shown demonstrating the process of changing a tire, which takes place from 17 to 71. The man then continues to talk to the camera from 71 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a parking lot, where a man is seen speaking to the camera. He then proceeds to demonstrate the process of changing a tire on a car. The man is shown using a tool to remove the tire, and then he puts the new tire on the car. The video concludes with the man speaking to the camera once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a parking lot, with a man standing next to a car and engaging in a conversation. The man then proceeds to demonstrate the process of changing a tire, which occurs in a separate location. The video concludes with the man driving away in the car."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man who is initially standing in front of a car. He then proceeds to demonstrate the process of changing a tire. The man removes the tire from the car, places it on the ground, and inserts a new tire. He then tightens the bolts and places the car jack back under the car. Finally, he drives away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a man who is seen talking to the camera and then proceeds to demonstrate how to change a tire. He uses a tool to remove the rubber from the tire and then puts a new one on.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man who is initially standing in front of a car. He then proceeds to demonstrate the process of changing a tire. The man removes the tire from the car, places it on the ground, and inserts a tool into the tire. Next, he removes the tool and places the tire back on the car. Finally, he drives away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a man who is initially standing outside a car, engaged in a conversation. From 00 to 17, the man is seen speaking to the camera. Next, he is shown demonstrating the process of changing a tire, which takes place from 17 to 71. Finally, the man concludes his demonstration and continues speaking to the camera from 71 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man in a suit who is initially standing outside a car. He then proceeds to demonstrate the proper method for checking the tire pressure. The man removes the tire from the car, inspects it, and adds air to it using a pump. He then replaces the tire and demonstrates the correct way to secure it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man is seen standing next to a car, speaking to the camera."
2. He demonstrates how to inflate a tire using a pump.
3. The man inflates the tire and then removes the pump.
"4. He speaks to the camera once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man in a white shirt and black pants walking towards the camera. The camera then pans to the left, revealing a white van parked on the side of the road. The man in the white shirt is seen walking towards the van."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of events. Initially, a white van is parked outside a house. From 17 to 34, the van is seen driving away. Subsequently, a man in a white shirt is seen walking towards the van."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a backyard with a wooden deck and a fence. The camera pans around the deck and captures the surrounding trees and bushes. The video then shows a car driving down a road, passing by a white truck. The camera then pans back to the wooden deck, and the video ends."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a backyard, showcasing a wooden deck and a white house. The camera then moves to the street, where a truck is parked. The video then transitions to a scene in a forest, where a man is seen standing in front of a tree."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person in a white shirt walking towards the camera. The camera then pans to the left, revealing a white van parked on the side of the road. The van is subsequently shown driving away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a series of events involving a truck. From 00 to 17, the truck is first seen. From 17 to 34, the truck is shown driving by. From 34 to 51, the truck is seen driving by again. Finally, from 51 to 68, the truck is shown driving by for the third time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person walking towards the camera, followed by a car driving by. The car then passes a white truck, and finally, the camera pans to the right, revealing a white truck parked on the side of the road."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a series of events from 00 to 17, where a white van is seen driving by. The next event, from 17 to 34, shows a white van driving by again. The third event, from 34 to 51, depicts a white van driving by for the third time. The fourth event, from 51 to 68, shows a white van driving by for the fourth time. Finally, the fifth event, from 68 to 85, features a white van driving by for the fifth time."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man in a white shirt who is initially visible from 00 to 17. The camera then pans to the left, revealing a white van parked on the side of the road from 17 to 34. The van is the primary focus of the video from 34 to 51."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera pans to the left, revealing a white van parked on the side of the road."
2. The van is shown from the side, with a man standing next to it.
3. The camera zooms in on the van, providing a closer view of the man and the vehicle.
"4. The man is seen walking away from the van, leaving it behind."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video features a woman who is talking to the camera while holding a wheel. She then proceeds to ride a bike and perform tricks on a skateboard. The video concludes with the woman continuing to talk to the camera.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a woman speaking to the camera, followed by a scene of a man riding a bike. The man then engages in a conversation with another man, and subsequently, he performs tricks on a bike. The video concludes with the man speaking to the camera once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a warehouse, where a woman is seen speaking to the camera. The scene then transitions to a man riding a bike, followed by a group of men in a room. The men are engaged in various activities, including riding bikes, performing tricks, and interacting with one another. The video concludes with the men continuing their activities in the warehouse."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a garage, with the woman and the two men engaging in various activities. The garage is the central setting for the video, with the woman and the men riding bikes, performing tricks, and interacting with each other. The video also features a brief scene in a classroom, where the woman is seen speaking to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a woman speaking to the camera, followed by a scene of a man riding a bike. The man then engages in a conversation with another man, and subsequently, he performs tricks on a skateboard. The video concludes with the man speaking to the camera once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a woman speaking to the camera, followed by a scene of two men riding bicycles. The men then engage in a conversation, and the woman returns to speak to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a woman who is initially seen talking to the camera. She then transitions to a bike, where she demonstrates the proper way to install a wheel. Subsequently, she is shown riding the bike and performing tricks. The video concludes with the woman speaking to the camera once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a woman who is initially seen talking to the camera. From 00 to 17, she is shown speaking. Next, a man is seen riding a bike on the street, which takes place from 17 to 34. The man then enters a building and engages in a conversation with another man, which occurs from 34 to 51. The man subsequently performs tricks on a bicycle inside the building, which takes place from 51 to 70. Finally, the man is seen talking to the camera once more, which happens from 70 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a woman who is initially seen talking to the camera. She then transitions to a bike, where she demonstrates the proper way to install a wheel. The woman subsequently engages in a conversation with two men, who are also shown riding bikes. The video concludes with the woman continuing to talk to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a woman speaking to the camera."
2. The scene transitions to a man riding a bike.
3. The man is shown adjusting the bike's gears.
4. The man and another man are seen riding bikes in a warehouse.
5. The man performs a trick on the bike, and the other man joins in.
6. The man and the other man continue riding bikes in the warehouse.
"7. The video concludes with the woman speaking to the camera once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man and a woman driving in a car and eating candy. They stop the car and the man gets out to change a tire. The woman helps him and they both laugh.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""Certainly! The video begins with a man and a woman driving in a car, engaging in conversation. They then exit the vehicle and proceed to change a tire on the side of the road. The man successfully replaces the tire, and the woman returns to the car. The man subsequently removes the jack and the tire, and the woman drives away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a parking lot, where a man is seen sitting in his car, eating a candy bar. He then proceeds to change a tire on his car, and afterward, he is seen sitting at a table in a restaurant, eating."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place on a road, with the man and woman driving in a car. They are seen interacting with each other and the camera, and the man is shown fixing a tire on the side of the road. The video also features a scene in a restaurant, where the man is seen eating and interacting with the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man and a woman driving in a car, engaging in conversation. They subsequently exit the vehicle and proceed to change a tire on a car. The man successfully replaces the tire, and the woman returns to the car. The man then joins the woman in the car, and they continue their conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a man and a woman driving in a car, with the man stopping the car and getting out to change a tire. The woman is also shown driving the car and getting out to assist the man."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man and a woman driving in a car, engaging in conversation. They stop the car and the man gets out to change a tire. The woman records the process, and the man successfully replaces the tire. The man then returns to the car, and the woman continues recording as they resume their conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man and a woman driving in a car, with the man recording himself as he changes a tire on the side of the road. The woman is shown eating a candy bar during this time. The man then continues to record himself as he puts the jack back under the car and drives away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a man and a woman driving in a car, engaging in conversation."
2. The man exits the car and kneels down to remove a tire from a car.
3. The man places the tire in the trunk of the car.
4. The man returns to the car and drives away.
"5. The man and woman are later seen at a restaurant, where they continue their conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a man and a woman discussing a dog on a news segment. The dog is then shown in various positions, including lying on the ground and on a table. The man and woman continue to talk about the dog while it is shown eating."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a dog that is initially shown from 00 to 17. The dog then engages in an activity with a bowl from 34 to 51. Subsequently, the dog is shown in a different position from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a newsroom, where a man is seen sitting behind a desk. The scene then transitions to a dog lying on the ground, followed by a man and a woman discussing the dog. The video then shows the dog eating from a bowl, and the man and woman continue their conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a newsroom setting, with a man and a woman engaging in a conversation. The dog is introduced from 12 to 33, and the man subsequently holds the dog from 33 to 50. The dog is then shown eating from a bowl from 50 to 67. The video concludes with the man and woman continuing their conversation from 67 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man and a woman engaging in a conversation. The man holds a dog, which is later shown on a table. The dog is then fed by the woman."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a dog that is shown from various angles, including close-ups and full body shots. The dog is also seen eating from a bowl and lying on the ground. Additionally, there is a man who is interviewed by a woman while holding the dog."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,Certainly! The video features a man and a woman engaging in a conversation. The man then picks up a dog and places it on a table. The dog is subsequently fed by the man.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man and a woman discussing a dog on a news segment. The dog is then shown in various positions, including lying on the ground and on a table. The man and woman continue their conversation while the dog is present."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a man and a dog sitting on a table."
2. The man engages in a conversation with the camera.
3. The man then proceeds to feed the dog.
4. The man continues to talk to the camera while the dog eats.
"5. The man concludes his conversation and the dog finishes eating."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video features a man and a woman who are seen riding bicycles and speaking to the camera. They demonstrate how to fix a bike wheel and showcase the different parts of the bike. The video also includes shots of the man riding the bike and the woman speaking to the camera.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man and a woman engaged in a conversation while standing in front of a bike. The man then proceeds to remove the wheel from the bike and place it on the ground. Subsequently, he removes the tire from the wheel and places it on the ground. The man then proceeds to remove the handlebars from the bike and places them on the ground. Finally, the man and woman continue their conversation while the man puts the handlebars back on the bike."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a city setting, featuring a man riding a bike and a woman standing next to him. The man is seen riding the bike on the street, while the woman is seen standing next to him. The video also shows the man fixing the bike tire and the woman standing next to him. The video ends with the man and woman standing together, with the man holding a bike pump."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a bike shop, where a man and a woman are engaged in a conversation. The man is seen riding a bike and adjusting the tire, while the woman is seated on a chair. The video also features a man in a black shirt who is seen riding a bike and adjusting the tire. The video concludes with the man and woman continuing their conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a man and a woman engaged in a conversation while standing in front of a bike. The man then proceeds to demonstrate the proper way to install a bike tire. The woman subsequently assists the man in installing the tire.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a man and a woman who are seen riding bicycles and speaking to the camera. The man is shown fixing the bike tire, and the woman is seen riding the bike and speaking to the camera. The video also includes a shot of a bike with the words """"Bike Life"""" written on it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man and a woman engaged in a conversation while standing in front of a bike. The man proceeds to demonstrate the bike's features by spinning the tires and adjusting the handlebars. He then proceeds to remove the seat and demonstrate the bike's locking mechanism. The woman joins in the conversation, and the man continues to explain the bike's features."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a man and a woman who are engaged in a conversation. The man is seen riding a bike and fixing a tire. The woman is also shown riding a bike and fixing a tire. The man then proceeds to fix the woman's bike, and they both continue their conversation."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man and a woman who are seen riding bicycles and speaking to the camera. The man demonstrates how to fix a bike tire, and the woman joins in to assist. They continue to ride their bikes and engage in conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a man and a woman standing in front of a bike."
2. The man demonstrates how to remove the wheel from the bike.
3. The man then shows how to remove the tire from the rim.
4. The man and woman continue to discuss the process of removing the tire.
5. The man removes the tire from the rim and places it on the ground.
6. The man then shows how to put the tire back on the rim.
7. The man and woman continue to discuss the process of putting the tire back on the rim.
8. The man puts the tire back on the rim and tightens it.
9. The man and woman continue to discuss the process of putting the tire back on the rim.
"10. The video ends with the man and woman standing in front of the bike."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a man preparing a sandwich in a restaurant. He first adds a slice of bread to a bowl, then adds a piece of meat and cheese. He then adds sauce and places the sandwich in a pan. The video ends with the man taking a bite of the sandwich."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man preparing a sandwich. From 00 to 17, he is seen holding a sandwich and talking to the camera. From 17 to 34, he is shown putting the sandwich together. From 34 to 51, he is seen putting the sandwich in a fryer. From 51 to 68, he is shown taking the sandwich out of the fryer and putting it on a plate. From 68 to 85, he is seen putting the sandwich on a table. Finally, from 85 to 99, the man is shown taking a bite of the sandwich."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a restaurant, where a man is seen preparing a sandwich. He first adds a slice of bread to a plate, followed by a layer of meat, cheese, and sauce. He then adds another slice of bread on top and cuts the sandwich in half. The man then proceeds to add a side of fries to the plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a restaurant, with the man preparing a sandwich on a table. The camera captures various shots of the man working, including close-ups of the sandwich and the ingredients. The video also shows the man interacting with the woman, who is seated at a table nearby. The video ends with the man taking a bite of the sandwich and the woman looking at the camera."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man preparing a sandwich. He first adds a slice of bread to a bowl, followed by a layer of meat. Next, he adds cheese and another slice of bread, and finally, he adds sauce and another slice of bread."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a man who is shown holding a sandwich and talking to the camera. He then proceeds to cut the sandwich in half and place it on a plate. The man then takes a bite of the sandwich and continues to talk to the camera.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man who is shown holding a sandwich. He then proceeds to cut the sandwich in half, and subsequently, he adds sauce to the sandwich. The man subsequently takes a bite of the sandwich."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a man who is seen preparing a sandwich. From 00 to 17, he is shown holding a piece of bread and a piece of meat. From 17 to 34, he is seen spreading butter on the bread. From 34 to 51, he is shown spreading mayonnaise on the bread. From 51 to 68, he is seen adding cheese to the sandwich. From 68 to 85, he is shown adding pickles to the sandwich. Finally, from 85 to 99, he is seen adding the meat to the sandwich."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man preparing a sandwich. He first adds a slice of bread to a bowl, followed by a layer of meat and cheese. Next, he adds a sauce and places the sandwich in a pan. The man then adds a side dish and a drink to the table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a sandwich."
2. The camera zooms out to reveal a man in a white shirt.
3. The man in the white shirt is seen speaking to the camera.
4. The man in the white shirt is shown holding a plate with a sandwich on it.
5. The man in the white shirt takes a bite of the sandwich.
6. The man in the white shirt continues to speak to the camera.
7. The man in the white shirt is shown holding a glass of water.
8. The man in the white shirt takes a sip of water.
9. The man in the white shirt is shown holding a piece of paper.
10. The man in the white shirt is shown holding a piece of paper with a list of ingredients.
11. The man in the white shirt is shown holding a piece of paper with a list of ingredients and a recipe.
12. The man in the white shirt is shown holding a piece of paper with a list of ingredients and a recipe, and a picture of the sandwich.
13. The man in the white shirt is shown holding a piece of paper with a list of ingredients and a recipe, a picture of the sandwich, and a picture of the sandwich with the ingredients.
14. The man in the white shirt is shown holding a piece of paper with a list of ingredients and a recipe, a picture of the sandwich, a picture of the sandwich with the ingredients, and a picture of the sandwich with the ingredients and the recipe.
"15. The man in the white shirt is shown holding a piece of paper with a list of ingredients and a recipe, a picture of the sandwich, a picture of the sandwich with the ingredients, a picture of the sandwich with the ingredients and the recipe, and a picture of the sandwich with the ingredients, the recipe, and the sandwich."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a honey bee hive with a tree in the background. The camera zooms in on the hive, and we see the bees working and flying around. The camera then zooms in on the honeycomb, and we see the bees collecting honey."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of events. Initially, from 00 to 17, we observe a honey bee hive. Next, from 17 to 34, we see a person cutting a tree. Subsequently, from 34 to 51, the person is shown cutting the tree again. Finally, from 51 to 99, the person is seen cutting the tree for a third time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a honey bee hive situated in a tree, with a wooden fence surrounding it. The camera zooms in on the hive, revealing the intricate structure and activity within. The video then focuses on the bees, capturing their buzzing and the honeycomb they create. The camera zooms in further, providing a detailed view of the hive and the bees."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily focuses on the honey bees and their activities within a hive. The camera captures the bees' movements and interactions, such as the bees entering and exiting the hive, and the camera zooming in on the hive. The video also shows the bees collecting honey and the camera zooming in on the honey. The video concludes with the camera zooming out to show the entire hive."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a honey bee entering a hive, followed by a close-up of the hive. The camera then zooms in on the hive, revealing the intricate structure and the bees' activity within."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a series of events involving a honey bee hive. The first occurrence takes place from 00 to 17, where the camera pans to the hive. The second event occurs from 17 to 34, where the camera zooms in on the hive. The third event is from 34 to 51, where the camera zooms in on the hive again. The fourth event is from 51 to 68, where the camera zooms in on the hive for the third time. Finally, the fifth event is from 68 to 99, where the camera zooms in on the hive for the fourth time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a honey bee entering a hive, followed by a close-up of the hive. The camera then zooms in on the hive, revealing the intricate structure and activity within."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a honey bee entering a hive from 00 to 17. The camera then zooms in on the hive from 17 to 34. Subsequently, the camera focuses on a tree with a hanging honeycomb from 34 to 51. The video then shows a person using a tool to cut the honeycomb from 51 to 70. Finally, the camera zooms in on the honeycomb from 70 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a honey bee hive with a wooden hive cover. The camera zooms in on the hive from 00 to 17. The camera then pans to the side, revealing the honeycomb from 17 to 34. The camera zooms in on the honeycomb from 34 to 51. The camera then zooms in on the honey bees from 51 to 68. Finally, the camera zooms in on the honey bees from 68 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera pans up to reveal a honeycomb."
2. The camera zooms in on the honeycomb.
3. The camera zooms in on a bee.
4. The camera zooms in on a bee.
"5. The camera zooms in on a bee."",0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a news anchor reporting on a story about a pig farm. The story is then shown in a series of clips, including footage of the pigs and the farm. The video also includes interviews with people who work at the farm and with the owner of the farm."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a news anchor reporting on a story, followed by a woman in a room talking to the camera. The woman then engages in various activities, including interacting with pigs and speaking to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a house, where a woman is seen talking to the camera. She then shows the camera a hole in the ceiling and a pig in a cage. The woman continues to talk to the camera while the pig is shown in the cage."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a newsroom, where a woman is seen reporting on a story. The second segment features a woman in a pink shirt talking to the camera in a barn. The third segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The fourth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The fifth segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The sixth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The seventh segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The eighth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The ninth segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The tenth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The eleventh segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The twelfth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The thirteenth segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The fourteenth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The fifteenth segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The sixteenth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The seventeenth segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The eighteenth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The nineteenth segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The twentieth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The twenty-first segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The twenty-second segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The twenty-third segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The twenty-fourth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The twenty-fifth segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The twenty-sixth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The twenty-seventh segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The twenty-eighth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The twenty-ninth segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The thirtieth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The thirty-first segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The thirty-second segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The thirty-third segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The thirty-fourth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The thirty-fifth segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The thirty-sixth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The thirty-seventh segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The thirty-eighth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The thirty-ninth segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The fortieth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The forty-first segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The forty-second segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The forty-third segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The forty-fourth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The forty-fifth segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The forty-sixth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The forty-seventh segment shows a man in a white shirt talking to the camera in a house. The forty-eighth segment features a woman in a yellow shirt talking to the camera in a house. The forty-ninth segment shows a man in a white"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a news anchorwoman reporting on a story, followed by a scene of a woman in a pink shirt talking to the camera. The subsequent segment shows a man in a white shirt and black hat speaking to the camera. The video then transitions to a pig in a cage, and the man continues to talk to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a woman who is seen talking to the camera and holding a piglet. The woman then feeds the piglet, and later, she is seen talking to the camera again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a woman who is initially seen talking to the camera. She then transitions to a pigpen, where she interacts with a pig. The woman subsequently engages in a conversation with a man, who is also present in the pigpen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a news anchor reporting on a story, followed by a woman in a room talking to the camera. The woman then shows a pig in a cage and talks about it. The video concludes with the woman continuing to talk to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a news anchorwoman reporting on a story."
2. The scene shifts to a woman in a room, where she is seen talking to the camera.
3. The woman is then shown in a barn, where she interacts with pigs.
4. The woman is seen in a house, where she continues to talk to the camera.
"5. The video concludes with the woman in the barn, where she is shown interacting with the pigs once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of people standing in the snow, with one person holding a camera. They are then seen driving through the snowy terrain, with the camera capturing the scenery. The video ends with the group driving through a field of snow."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of events. Initially, a man and a woman are seen standing in the snow, engaged in a conversation. From 00 to 17, the man and woman are shown walking in the snow. Next, from 17 to 34, the man and woman are seen driving a car. Finally, from 34 to 51, the car is shown driving on a snowy road."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a snowy field, where a group of people are standing together. They are seen walking in the snow, and one of the individuals is seen driving a car. The video also shows a dog running in the snow, and a person driving a car."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a snowy field, with the camera capturing various scenes of people walking and driving through the snow. The main events unfold from 00 to 17, 17 to 34, 34 to 51, 51 to 68, and 68 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man and a woman standing in the snow, engaged in a conversation. The man then proceeds to walk away, and the woman follows him. The man subsequently gets into a car, and the woman is shown sitting in the back seat."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a series of events where people are seen walking in the snow, followed by a car driving on the road. The car is then shown driving on the road again, and finally, the car is parked on the side of the road."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man and a woman standing in the snow, engaged in a conversation. The woman then proceeds to walk away, and the man follows her. The man subsequently gets into a car, which drives away. The video then shows the car driving on a snowy road, with the man and woman inside."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man and a woman standing in the snow, engaged in a conversation. They then proceed to walk together, with the woman holding a camera. The camera captures the man's movements as he walks, and the woman continues to film. The man eventually stops and turns to face the camera, while the woman continues to film."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a man and a woman standing in the snow, engaged in a conversation."
2. The camera pans to the left, revealing a car driving by.
3. The camera then focuses on the car, capturing its movement.
4. The camera zooms in on the car's front windshield, providing a close-up view of the driver and passengers.
"5. The video concludes with the car driving away, marking the end of the sequence."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""00 to 17: The video begins with a man and a woman standing in the snow."
17 to 34: The man and woman are seen walking in the snow.
34 to 51: The man and woman are shown driving a car.
51 to 68: The car is seen driving on a snowy road.
"68 to 99: The car is shown driving on a snowy road, with the man and woman inside."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a group of people standing in front of a fence, with a woman in a black shirt and black headscarf standing out. The woman is seen holding up a sign with the words """"silence is not an option"""" written on it. The video also shows a man in a black shirt and black headscarf holding up a sign with the words """"silence is not an option"""" written on it. The video ends with the words """"silence is not an option"""" appearing on the screen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of events unfolding from 00 to 17, where a man is seen walking in front of a crowd. The camera then pans to the crowd, capturing their presence."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a public square, where a group of people is gathered. The scene shifts to a woman in a black shirt who is seen standing in the square. The camera then pans to a man in a black shirt who is also present in the square."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a city setting, with a focus on a group of people engaging in various activities. The events unfold from 00 to 17, where the group is seen walking in the city. The scene then transitions to 17 to 34, where the group is shown sitting on the ground, with a woman in a black shirt and black pants sitting in the middle. The video then shifts to 34 to 51, where the group is seen sitting on the ground, with a man in a black shirt and black pants sitting in the middle. Finally, the video concludes with 51 to 99, where the group is shown sitting on the ground, with a man in a black shirt and black pants sitting in the middle."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man in a black shirt who is initially shown. Later, a woman in a black shirt and a man in a white shirt are seen. The woman in black raises her hands, and the man in white points at the woman."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a series of events where people are seen running, followed by a scene where a man in a black shirt is seen running. Additionally, there is a scene where a man in a black shirt is seen running, and a man in a white shirt is seen running."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man in a black shirt who is initially shown. He then walks away from the camera. Subsequently, a woman in a black shirt and white scarf appears. The woman is seen holding a sign with the word """"silence"""" written on it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a man in a black shirt who is seen walking in front of the camera from 00 to 17. The camera then pans to the left, revealing a woman in a black shirt and a man in a white shirt from 17 to 34. The woman in black shirt is seen holding a sign from 34 to 51. The man in white shirt is seen holding a sign from 51 to 68. The woman in black shirt is seen holding a sign again from 68 to 85."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man in a black shirt who is the central figure throughout the clip. He is seen walking in front of a crowd, and later, he is shown standing in front of a crowd. The man in the black shirt is also seen talking to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A man in a black shirt is seen walking in the background."
2. A woman in a black shirt is seen walking in the background.
3. A man in a black shirt is seen walking in the background.
4. A woman in a black shirt is seen walking in the background.
5. A man in a black shirt is seen walking in the background.
6. A woman in a black shirt is seen walking in the background.
7. A man in a black shirt is seen walking in the background.
8. A woman in a black shirt is seen walking in the background.
9. A man in a black shirt is seen walking in the background.
"10. A woman in a black shirt is seen walking in the background."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man in a white coat interacting with a dog. He first pets the dog, then proceeds to clean its ears with a solution. He then cleans the dog's face and ears with a brush and a cloth. The man then pets the dog again before finishing by cleaning the dog's face and ears with a cloth."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man interacting with a dog. The sequence of events includes the man holding the dog, speaking to the camera, and then petting the dog. The man then proceeds to clean the dog's ears, followed by the dog wagging its tail. The man then continues to speak to the camera while the dog remains calm."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a veterinary clinic, where a man is seen interacting with a dog. The man is seen holding the dog and speaking to the camera while the dog is being groomed. The video also shows the man holding the dog's ear and speaking to the camera while the dog is being groomed. The video ends with the man holding the dog's ear and speaking to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a veterinary clinic, with a man and a dog interacting in various settings. The man is seen holding the dog, standing next to him, and even giving him a bath. The video also features a black screen with white text, which appears twice, once at the beginning and once at the end."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man in a white coat interacting with a dog. The man holds the dog's head and speaks to the camera. He then proceeds to clean the dog's ears, followed by a demonstration of the cleaning process. The man then continues to speak to the camera while holding the dog."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a man and a dog in a veterinary clinic. The man is seen holding the dog and speaking to the camera. He then proceeds to clean the dog's ears and face, followed by a demonstration of the proper way to clean a dog's ears."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man in a white coat interacting with a dog. The man holds the dog's head and speaks to the camera. He then proceeds to clean the dog's ears, followed by a series of shots showcasing the dog's ears being cleaned. The man then continues to clean the dog's ears, and finally, he concludes the process by speaking to the camera once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! The video features a man in a white coat interacting with a dog. The sequence of events includes:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man in a white coat interacting with a dog. The man holds the dog's head and speaks to the camera. He then proceeds to clean the dog's ears, followed by a discussion with the dog. The man then demonstrates the proper way to clean a dog's ears, and finally, he concludes the video by speaking to the camera once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a black screen displaying the words """"Questions on Ear Cleaning."""""
2. The scene shifts to a man standing next to a dog, holding a bottle of ear cleaning solution.
3. The man proceeds to clean the dog's ears, using the solution and a cloth.
4. The man then demonstrates the proper technique for cleaning a dog's ears.
"5. The video concludes with the closing credits."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a plane taking off from a runway, followed by a view of the plane from the side. The plane is then shown from the front, and finally, it disappears from view."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a plane taking off from 00 to 21. During the 33 to 50 interval, the plane is seen flying over a field. The 46 to 67 segment showcases the plane flying over a city. Lastly, from 67 to 88, the plane is captured flying over a forest."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a series of events unfolding in a specific location. From 00 to 17, the camera pans to reveal a plane taking off in the distance. In the next sequence, 17 to 34, the camera zooms in on the plane as it ascends into the sky. The third event, 34 to 51, features a plane flying over a field. Finally, from 51 to 68, the camera captures a plane flying over a city."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily showcases the movement of an airplane, which is initially stationary from 00 to 17. The plane then takes off from 17 to 34, followed by a scene of the plane flying over a city from 34 to 51. The video concludes with the plane flying over a field from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a plane taking off, followed by a jet flying over the airport. The plane then disappears from view."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a plane taking off and landing twice, with the second occurrence occurring from 68 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a plane taking off from a runway, followed by a jet flying over a field. The plane then passes over a large building, and finally, it disappears from view."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features three distinct events. The first event takes place from 00 to 17, where the camera pans to the right, revealing a plane. The second event occurs from 17 to 34, where the plane is no longer visible. Lastly, the third event transpires from 34 to 51, where the plane is shown flying in the sky."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a plane taking off, followed by a close-up of the plane's tail. The plane then passes over a field, and during the 70 to 99 segment, the plane is shown flying over a large body of water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The plane takes off from the runway."
2. The plane flies over the airport.
3. The plane passes over a large building.
4. The plane flies over a large body of water.
"5. The plane flies over a large city."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video features a man who is seen flying over a lake in a parachute. He is seen flying over the lake and the surrounding mountains. The video also shows a person riding a bike on a road.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man who is initially seen standing on a cliff, gazing out at the scenic view. From 17 to 34, the man is seen parachuting down from the cliff. From 34 to 51, the man is shown floating in the air, with the camera capturing his descent. From 51 to 68, the man is seen walking on the ground, holding a parachute."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a person flying over a lake, with the camera capturing the scenic view from above. The person is seen soaring over the water, with the camera following their movements. The video also features a person parachuting over the lake, with the camera capturing their descent from above. Additionally, the video includes a person riding a bike on a road, with the camera capturing their surroundings."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily showcases a person's journey through various locations, including a mountain, a lake, and a road. The events unfold from 00 to 17, where the person is seen standing on a mountain. The video then transitions to 17 to 34, where the person is seen flying over the lake. Finally, from 34 to 51, the person is seen riding a bike on a road."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man who is initially shown standing on a cliff. He then jumps off the cliff and parachutes down to the water. After landing in the water, the man is seen walking on the road."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a man in a red jacket who is seen walking and flying over the mountains. Additionally, there is a person in a red jacket who is seen walking and flying over the mountains."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man who is initially seen standing on a cliff, gazing out at the scenic view. He then proceeds to parachute down from the cliff, descending through the air. As he approaches the ground, the man skillfully maneuvers his parachute, guiding it to a safe landing. Finally, he disembarks from the parachute and walks away, seemingly unharmed."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man who is initially seen standing on a cliff, gazing out at the scenic view. He then proceeds to parachute down from the cliff, showcasing his skydiving skills. The man lands safely on the ground, and the video concludes with him walking away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera pans to the left, revealing a person in a red jacket."
2. The person in the red jacket is seen walking away from the camera.
3. The camera pans to the right, showcasing a person in a red jacket.
"4. The person in the red jacket is seen walking away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""00 to 17: The video begins with a man standing on a ledge, looking down."
17 to 34: The man jumps off the ledge and parachutes down.
34 to 51: The man is seen walking on the ground, holding a parachute.
51 to 68: The man is shown walking on the ground, holding a parachute.
"68 to 99: The man is seen walking on the ground, holding a parachute."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a bear climbing a tree, followed by a scene where a bear is seen eating. Later, a bear is seen eating in a tree, and finally, a bear is seen eating in a tree with another bear."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a bear climbing a tree from 00 to 21. The bear then descends from the tree from 17 to 33. The bear subsequently climbs back up the tree from 33 to 50. Finally, the bear climbs down from the tree for the last time from 50 to 67."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a forest, where a bear is seen climbing a tree. The bear then descends from the tree and walks away. Later, two bears are seen climbing the tree together."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a forest, with a bear climbing a tree and a squirrel jumping from a branch to the ground. The bear is also seen eating from a tree and a squirrel jumping from a branch to the ground. The video also features a bear and a squirrel playing together in a tree."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a bear climbing a tree, followed by a squirrel jumping from one branch to another. Later, a bear is seen eating a piece of food."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a bear climbing a tree and then descending. The bear then climbs back up the tree.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a bear climbing a tree, followed by a squirrel jumping from one branch to another. The bear then moves to a different branch, and the squirrel continues to jump between branches."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a bear climbing a tree, followed by a scene where a bear is seen eating. Later, a bear is shown climbing down the tree."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera zooms in on a bear."
2. The bear is seen eating.
3. The bear is shown eating from a tree.
"4. The bear is seen eating from a tree, and then it walks away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a group of people riding bikes on a court at night. They are wearing helmets and are seen riding around the court. The video also shows a man in a black shirt riding a bike on the court.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person riding a bike, who is initially shown from 00 to 17. The person then performs a trick, which takes place from 17 to 34. Next, the person is seen riding the bike again, from 34 to 51. Finally, the person is shown riding the bike once more, from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a skate park, where a group of people are skating around. The skaters are seen riding around the track, performing various tricks and maneuvers. The skate park is well-lit, and the skaters are wearing protective gear. The video captures the energy and excitement of the skaters as they glide around the track, showcasing their skills and athleticism."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a skate park, where a group of people engage in various activities. The first scene shows a group of people skating around the park, while the second scene features a person riding a skateboard. The third scene depicts a person skating around the park, and the fourth scene shows a person skating around the park at night."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a group of people engaging in a nighttime activity, possibly rollerblading or skateboarding. They are seen riding around a court, passing each other, and performing various tricks. The video concludes with a shot of a person riding a skateboard."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a group of people riding bikes around a court, with one person in particular performing a trick on a skateboard."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a group of people engaging in a roller skating activity. From 00 to 17, the group is seen skating around a court. From 17 to 34, the individuals are shown skating around the court, passing each other. From 34 to 51, the skaters continue to pass each other, showcasing their agility and coordination. From 51 to 68, the skaters are seen skating around the court, demonstrating their skill and speed. Finally, from 68 to 99, the skaters continue to pass each other, exhibiting their impressive roller skating abilities."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a group of people riding bikes on a court, with one person in particular performing a trick. The camera captures the action from various angles, providing a comprehensive view of the activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a title screen."
2. The camera pans to the left, revealing a group of people riding bikes.
3. The camera zooms in on the riders as they begin to move.
4. The riders are seen riding around a track, passing each other.
5. The camera captures the riders from behind as they continue to ride around the track.
"6. The video concludes with a shot of the riders from the side."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a bus driving down a steep hill, with a person in a white shirt standing on the side of the road. The bus is seen from different angles, including from inside the bus and from the front. The bus is also shown driving down a hill with a white van in front of it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of events. First, a car is seen driving by from 17 to 34. Next, a bus is depicted driving by from 34 to 51. Finally, a white van is shown driving by from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a series of events unfolding in a canyon. The first event, from 00 to 17, features a camera zooming in on the canyon. The second event, from 17 to 34, depicts a bus driving down a steep hill. The third event, from 34 to 51, captures the bus driving through a narrow canyon. The fourth event, from 51 to 68, displays the bus driving through a narrow canyon with a white van in the background. The fifth event, from 68 to 85, features the bus driving through a narrow canyon with a white van in the background. The sixth event, from 85 to 99, shows the bus driving through a narrow canyon with a white van in the background."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a cave, with the first event occurring from 00 to 17. The second event, featuring a bus, transpires from 17 to 34. The third event, showcasing a white van, takes place from 34 to 51. The fourth event, featuring a white van, occurs from 51 to 68. The fifth event, depicting a white van, takes place from 68 to 85. The sixth event, featuring a white van, occurs from 85 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person in a white shirt who is initially visible from 00 to 21. The person in the white shirt then disappears from view from 17 to 33. Subsequently, a bus is seen driving by from 33 to 50."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a series of events where a bus is shown driving by, followed by a white van. The van is then shown driving by again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a bus driving by, followed by a white van passing by. The bus then stops, and a person in a white shirt is seen walking towards the bus."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a car driving down a steep hill, with the camera capturing the car's descent from 17 to 34. The car then encounters a bus from 34 to 51, and the camera pans to the bus. The video concludes with the car driving past a white van from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera pans down to reveal a cave."
2. The camera pans up to show a bus.
"3. The bus begins to move."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""00 to 17: The camera pans down to reveal a cave."
17 to 34: The camera pans up to show a bus driving by.
34 to 51: The bus passes by the camera.
51 to 68: The bus is no longer visible.
68 to 85: The camera pans up to show the bus driving away.
"85 to 99: The bus is no longer visible."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a car driving on a dirt road, with the camera capturing the car's movement from different angles. The car is seen driving on the dirt road, and the camera captures the car's movement from different angles."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a car driving by, followed by a close-up of a rock. The car then passes by again, and finally, the camera zooms in on the rock."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a vast, open field with no visible structures or objects in the background. The camera captures the surroundings as it moves around the field."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily showcases a car driving on a dirt road, with the camera capturing the car's journey from 17 to 34. The car then passes by a white object on the ground from 34 to 51. The video concludes with the car driving off into the distance from 51 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a car driving by, followed by a close-up of a rock. The camera then zooms in on the rock, and subsequently, a person's hand is seen holding a camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a car driving on a dirt road, with the camera capturing the car's movement from 17 to 34. The car then passes by a white truck from 34 to 51."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a car driving by, followed by a close-up of a rock. The camera then zooms in on the rock, and subsequently, a person's hand is seen holding a camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's a sequence of events with their corresponding timestamps:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a car driving on a dirt road, with the camera capturing the car's movement from 17 to 34. The car then passes by a person wearing a white shirt from 34 to 51. The video concludes with the car driving off into the distance from 51 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera pans to the left, revealing a person in a white shirt."
2. The camera zooms in on the person in the white shirt.
3. The person in the white shirt is shown driving a car.
"4. The car is parked on the side of the road."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""00 to 17: The video begins with a camera pan to the right."
17 to 34: The camera pans to the right, revealing a person's face.
34 to 51: The camera pans to the right, capturing a person's face.
51 to 68: The camera pans to the right, showing a person's face.
68 to 85: The camera pans to the right, displaying a person's face.
"85 to 99: The camera pans to the right, revealing a person's face."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a train passing by, followed by a car accident where a man is injured. The man is then seen lying on the ground, and a man in a white shirt approaches him. The injured man is then lifted onto a jack, and the jack is used to lift the car off of him."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of events. First, a train passes by, followed by a car accident. Next, a man in a white shirt is seen walking towards the car. Later, a man in a blue shirt is seen standing next to the car. Finally, a man in a white shirt is seen standing next to the car."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a train station, where a train is seen passing by. The scene then transitions to a car accident, where a car is seen flipped over on its side. The video then shows a man in a white shirt and blue jeans standing next to the car."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place on a road, with the first event occurring from 00 to 17. The second event, featuring a man in a white shirt, takes place from 34 to 51. The third event, showcasing a man in a blue shirt, occurs from 49 to 66. The fourth event, featuring a man in a black shirt, takes place from 66 to 83. Finally, the fifth event, with a man in a white shirt, occurs from 83 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a train passing by, followed by a car accident. The car is then lifted by a crane, and a man is seen examining the vehicle."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a series of events involving a train passing by, followed by a car accident. The car is then lifted by a crane, and finally, a man is seen standing next to the car."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a train passing by, followed by a car accident. The car is then lifted by a crane, and a man is seen examining the vehicle."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a train passing by, followed by a car accident. The man in the video is seen standing next to the car, and later, he is shown standing next to a truck."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a train passing by."
2. A man in a white shirt is seen walking towards the camera.
3. The man in the white shirt is shown examining a car.
4. The man in the white shirt is seen examining the car's front end.
5. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's back end.
6. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's front end again.
7. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's back end again.
8. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's front end for the third time.
9. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's back end for the third time.
10. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's front end for the fourth time.
11. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's back end for the fourth time.
12. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's front end for the fifth time.
13. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's back end for the fifth time.
14. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's front end for the sixth time.
15. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's back end for the sixth time.
16. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's front end for the seventh time.
17. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's back end for the seventh time.
18. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's front end for the eighth time.
19. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's back end for the eighth time.
20. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's front end for the ninth time.
21. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's back end for the ninth time.
22. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's front end for the tenth time.
23. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's back end for the tenth time.
24. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's front end for the eleventh time.
25. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's back end for the eleventh time.
26. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's front end for the twelfth time.
27. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's back end for the twelfth time.
28. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's front end for the thirteenth time.
29. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's back end for the thirteenth time.
30. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's front end for the fourteenth time.
31. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's back end for the fourteenth time.
32. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's front end for the fifteenth time.
33. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's back end for the fifteenth time.
34. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's front end for the sixteenth time.
35. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's back end for the sixteenth time.
36. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's front end for the seventeenth time.
37. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's back end for the seventeenth time.
38. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's front end for the eighteenth time.
39. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's back end for the eighteenth time.
40. The man in the white shirt is shown examining the car's front end for the nineteenth time.
"4"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a chef preparing a dish by frying vegetables and cooking rice. The chef then adds the vegetables to the rice and mixes everything together. The video ends with the chef pouring the mixture into a pan and frying it.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a chef preparing a dish. From 00 to 17, the chef is seen standing in front of a counter, holding a knife. From 17 to 34, the chef begins cutting vegetables on a cutting board. From 34 to 51, the chef adds oil to a pan and cooks the vegetables. From 51 to 68, the chef adds noodles to the pan and continues cooking. Finally, from 68 to 99, the chef adds sauce to the pan and mixes everything together."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a chef is preparing a dish. The chef is seen cutting up vegetables and cooking them in a pan. The chef then adds noodles to the pan and mixes everything together. The chef then adds a flame to the pan and the food is cooked. The chef then pours the food onto a plate and serves it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the chef preparing food on a stove. The chef is seen cooking various dishes, including a plate of food, a bowl of noodles, and a pan of food. The video also shows the chef pouring oil into a pan and frying food. The overall duration of the video is not explicitly mentioned, but it appears to be a continuous sequence of actions taking place in the kitchen."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a chef preparing a dish. The chef first adds ingredients to a pan, then mixes them together. Next, the chef pours the mixture into a bowl and adds more ingredients. Finally, the chef mixes the ingredients once more and places the bowl on the stove."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The repeated events in the video are the chef preparing food and the man pouring oil into a pan.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,Certainly! The video features a chef preparing a dish. The sequence of events includes:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a chef preparing a dish. The chef first adds ingredients to a pan, then mixes them together. Next, the chef pours the mixture into a bowl and adds more ingredients. Finally, the chef mixes the ingredients once more and places the bowl on a table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The chef is seen preparing a dish in a kitchen."
2. The chef adds ingredients to a pan and stirs them.
3. The chef pours the contents of the pan into a bowl.
4. The chef adds more ingredients to the pan and stirs them.
5. The chef pours the contents of the pan into a bowl.
6. The chef adds more ingredients to the pan and stirs them.
7. The chef pours the contents of the pan into a bowl.
8. The chef adds more ingredients to the pan and stirs them.
9. The chef pours the contents of the pan into a bowl.
10. The chef adds more ingredients to the pan and stirs them.
"11. The chef pours the contents of the pan into a bowl."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a camera panning around a large Eiffel Tower, capturing the beauty of the iconic structure. The camera then moves to the front of the tower, providing a closer view of its intricate details."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of events. Initially, the camera pans to the right, revealing a building. Subsequently, the camera pans to the left, showcasing a crowd."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a series of events unfolding in a specific place or location. From 00 to 17, the camera pans to reveal a tower. In the following sequence from 17 to 34, the camera zooms in on the tower. The video then captures a wide shot of the tower from 34 to 51."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily showcases the Eiffel Tower, with the first appearance from 00 to 17. The camera then pans to the left, revealing a large crowd from 67 to 84. The video concludes with a final shot of the Eiffel Tower from 84 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person in a red shirt walking by, followed by a person in a black shirt walking by. Later, a person in a black shirt is seen walking by again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a series of events where people are seen walking in front of the Eiffel Tower.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person in a red shirt walking by, followed by a person in a black shirt walking by. Later, a person in a black shirt is seen walking by again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a series of events and actions. From 00 to 17, the camera pans to the right, revealing a building. From 17 to 34, the camera zooms in on the building. From 34 to 51, the camera pans to the right, showcasing a crowd of people. From 51 to 68, the camera zooms in on the crowd. From 68 to 85, the camera pans to the right, displaying a large crowd. From 85 to 99, the camera zooms in on the crowd."",1,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a person in a red shirt walking by, followed by a person in a black shirt walking by. The camera then pans to the left, revealing a large crowd."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera pans up to reveal the Eiffel Tower."
2. The camera zooms in on the tower.
3. The camera pans to the left, showcasing the tower.
4. The camera pans to the right, displaying the tower.
5. The camera zooms in on the tower.
6. The camera pans to the left, showcasing the tower.
"7. The camera pans to the right, displaying the tower."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a group of people working together to move a large machine. They use a crane to lift the machine and then push it into the water. The machine is then used to dig a hole in the water.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video showcases a series of events involving a man in a yellow jacket, a man in a blue jacket, and a man in a black jacket. The sequence of events includes:"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a construction site, where a group of men are working on a large machine. The machine is being used to dig a hole in the ground, and the men are seen working on it. The video also shows a group of people standing on a boat, and a man is seen standing on the machine. The video captures the different activities happening in the construction site and on the boat."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a construction site, where a group of men is engaged in various activities. The first scene shows the men loading a large machine onto a truck. The second scene depicts the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water. The third scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The fourth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The fifth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The sixth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The seventh scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The eighth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The ninth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The tenth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The eleventh scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The twelfth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The thirteenth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The fourteenth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The fifteenth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The sixteenth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The seventeenth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The eighteenth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The nineteenth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The twentieth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The twenty-first scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The twenty-second scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The twenty-third scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The twenty-fourth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The twenty-fifth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The twenty-sixth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The twenty-seventh scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The twenty-eighth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The twenty-ninth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The thirtieth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The thirty-first scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The thirty-second scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The thirty-third scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The thirty-fourth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The thirty-fifth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The thirty-sixth scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with one man riding on the machine. The thirty-seventh scene shows the men using the machine to dig a hole in the water, with"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a group of people standing on a boat, with one individual climbing into a machine. The machine is then used to push a large rock into the water. The people on the boat continue to push the rock, and eventually, the machine is lifted out of the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a man in a yellow jacket who is the primary focus throughout the video. He is seen walking around and interacting with others. Additionally, there are several instances of people standing on a boat, and a man in a yellow jacket is seen standing on a boat."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a group of people standing on a boat, observing a man in a yellow jacket and orange helmet who is operating a machine. The man in the yellow jacket and orange helmet is seen moving the machine around, and the people on the boat watch as he works. The machine is then used to push a large piece of dirt out of the water, and the people on the boat continue to observe the man's actions."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a group of men working together to push a large machine. They are seen pushing the machine from 00 to 17. The machine is then lifted out of the water from 17 to 34. The men continue to push the machine from 34 to 51. Finally, the machine is lifted out of the water once more from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A man in a yellow vest is seen walking towards a group of people."
2. The man in the yellow vest is lifted into a machine.
3. The machine is lowered into the water, and the man is lifted out.
4. The man is then placed back into the machine and lowered into the water once more.
5. The machine is raised out of the water, and the man is lifted out.
6. The man is then placed back into the machine and lowered into the water once more.
7. The machine is raised out of the water, and the man is lifted out.
8. The man is then placed back into the machine and lowered into the water once more.
9. The machine is raised out of the water, and the man is lifted out.
"10. The man is then placed back into the machine and lowered into the water once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man sliding down a yellow slide and falling into a pool of water. He is then helped out of the water by another man.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person in yellow who initially stands up. Subsequently, a man in a blue shirt is seen walking towards the camera. The man in blue then jumps into the water, followed by the person in yellow."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a field where a man is seen walking with a yellow tube. He then proceeds to slide down a hill on the tube, followed by another man who also slides down the hill. The two men continue to slide down the hill, and eventually, they both end up in the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a field, with the first event occurring from 00 to 17. The second event, featuring a plane flying overhead, transpires from 17 to 34. The third event, where a man in a yellow jacket is seen, takes place from 34 to 51. The fourth event, where a man in a yellow jacket is seen again, occurs from 51 to 68. The fifth event, where a man in a yellow jacket is seen for the third time, takes place from 68 to 85. Finally, the sixth event, where a man in a yellow jacket is seen for the fourth time, occurs from 85 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man in yellow who is seen running down a hill. He then jumps into a pool of water, followed by a person in a blue shirt who also jumps into the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The repeated events in the video involve a person sliding down a yellow slide and then getting back up. This action is repeated multiple times, with the person sliding down the slide and then getting back up each time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man in yellow who is seen running down a hill. He then jumps into a pool of water, followed by a group of people who climb into the pool. The man in yellow is seen floating on his back in the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man in yellow who is seen running down a hill. He then jumps into a pool of water, followed by a group of people who also jump into the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man in yellow is seen running down a hill."
2. The man in yellow is seen running down a hill, and a person in a red jacket is seen running down the hill.
3. The man in yellow is seen running down a hill, and a person in a red jacket is seen running down the hill.
4. The man in yellow is seen running down a hill, and a person in a red jacket is seen running down the hill.
"5. The man in yellow is seen running down a hill, and a person in a red jacket is seen running down the hill."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""00 to 17: A man in a yellow raincoat is seen running down a hill."
17 to 34: The man jumps into a small pool of water.
34 to 51: The man is seen floating in the water.
51 to 68: The man is seen standing in the water.
"68 to 99: The man is seen standing in the water, with a person in a blue shirt standing next to him."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of kids playing in a yard, with one child throwing leaves at another. The child who is throwing the leaves then walks away, and the other child continues to play."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features three distinct events. The first event takes place from 00 to 17, where a child is seen running towards a pile of leaves. The second event occurs from 17 to 34, where a boy in a red shirt is shown raking leaves. The third event transpires from 34 to 51, where a boy in a red shirt is seen raking leaves."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a yard with a pile of leaves in the background. The children are seen playing in the leaves, with one child picking up a leaf and throwing it. Another child is seen running towards the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a yard, with the children engaging in various activities. The first scene shows the children playing in the yard, while the second scene features a boy raking leaves. The third scene depicts the children playing with a ball, and the fourth scene shows the boy continuing to rake leaves. The fifth scene features the children playing with the ball again, and the sixth scene shows the boy raking leaves once more. The seventh scene shows the children playing with the ball, and the final scene depicts the boy raking leaves for the last time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a boy in a red shirt who is shown throwing leaves. The camera then pans to the right, revealing a white car parked in the driveway. Later, a little girl in a pink shirt is seen running towards the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a child in a red shirt who repeatedly throws a ball. The child in the red shirt is seen throwing the ball from 17 to 34, 34 to 51, and 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a boy in a red shirt who initially stands in front of a pile of leaves. He then proceeds to kick the leaves, which causes them to scatter. The boy subsequently walks away from the pile."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features three distinct events. The first event takes place from 00 to 17, where a child in a red shirt is seen running towards the camera. The second event occurs from 17 to 34, where a boy in a green shirt is shown running towards the camera. Lastly, the third event transpires from 34 to 51, where a little girl in a pink shirt is seen running towards the camera."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a child in a red shirt who is initially shown in the foreground. The child then engages in a game of throwing leaves. Subsequently, a woman in a black coat walks by, followed by a boy in a white shirt who throws a ball. The child in the red shirt subsequently throws a ball, and the boy in the white shirt throws a ball as well."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The girl in the red shirt is seen running away from the camera."
2. The boy in the red shirt is shown running away from the camera.
3. The girl in the red shirt is seen running away from the camera again.
"4. The boy in the red shirt is shown running away from the camera once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a camera movement that starts from 00 to 17, followed by a zoom-in on a candle. From 17 to 34, the camera zooms in on a statue."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of events. From 00 to 17, the camera pans to the right, revealing a statue. From 17 to 34, the camera zooms in on the statue. From 34 to 51, the camera zooms out, providing a wider view of the statue. Finally, from 51 to 68, the camera zooms in on the statue once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a series of events unfolding in a specific place. From 00 to 17, the camera pans to the right, revealing a new scene. From 17 to 34, the camera zooms in on a particular object or person. Finally, from 34 to 51, the camera zooms out, providing a broader perspective of the place."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily showcases the Notre Dame Cathedral, with the camera panning around the exterior and interior. The camera then moves to the top of the cathedral, offering a bird's-eye view of the surrounding cityscape."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person walking by, followed by a statue of a bird. The camera then pans to the right, revealing a tower."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a series of events where the camera pans up to the ceiling, followed by a zoom-in on the ceiling."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a series of events. First, a statue is visible from 00 to 17. Next, a statue of a bird is shown from 34 to 51. Finally, the camera pans to the right, revealing a different view from 68 to 85."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features three distinct events. The first event takes place from 00 to 17, where the camera pans to the right, revealing a statue. The second event occurs from 17 to 34, where the camera zooms in on the statue. Lastly, the third event transpires from 34 to 51, where the camera pans to the right again, showcasing the statue in its entirety."",1,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a person walking by, followed by a statue of a bird. The camera then pans to the right, revealing a clock tower."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera pans to the right, revealing a statue."
2. The camera zooms in on the statue.
3. The camera pans to the left, showcasing the entire cathedral.
"4. The camera zooms out, providing a broader view of the cathedral."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a group of people playing paintball in a field. They are seen running around and shooting at each other. The video also shows a close-up of a bug.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of events from 00 to 17, where a person in a white shirt is seen running. From 17 to 34, the camera pans to the left, revealing a person in a white shirt. From 34 to 51, the camera zooms in on a small brown bug."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a field with a large green plant in the center. The camera pans around the area, showing the green plant and the surrounding grass."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a field, with the camera capturing various scenes of people playing and interacting with each other. The video also features a close-up shot of a bug, which is the main focus of the video. The video ends with a shot of a person walking on a fence."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person in a white shirt walking towards the camera. During this time, a green plant is visible in the frame."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a person walking towards the camera, followed by a close-up shot of a bug."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person in a white shirt walking towards the camera. During this time, a green plant is visible in the foreground. The camera then zooms in on the plant, providing a closer look at its intricate details."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video features a person in a white shirt walking towards the camera. The camera then zooms in on a small brown bug.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera zooms in on a small brown bug."
2. The camera zooms out to reveal a larger area.
3. The camera zooms in on a small brown bug.
"4. The camera zooms out to reveal a larger area."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""00 to 17: The camera pans to the right, revealing a person in a white shirt."
17 to 34: The camera zooms in on a small brown bug.
34 to 51: The camera zooms out, showing the entire scene.
51 to 68: The camera zooms in on the brown bug.
"68 to 85: The camera zooms out, showing the entire scene again."",1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of people standing on a rock in a river, with one person jumping into the water. The camera then pans to the left, revealing a man in a blue shirt standing in the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man in a white shirt who jumps into a pool from 17 to 34. Subsequently, a man in a blue shirt enters the frame from 34 to 51. The man in the white shirt then walks towards the camera from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a natural setting, featuring a large rock in the middle of a river. The camera captures the rock from various angles, showcasing its size and presence in the river."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a natural setting, featuring a waterfall and a rock in the foreground. The main events unfold from 00 to 17, where the camera pans to the waterfall, and from 17 to 34, where the camera focuses on the rock. The video then transitions to a man standing in the water from 34 to 51."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man in a white shirt who jumps into a pool of water. Subsequently, a man in a blue shirt is seen walking towards the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The repeated events in the video involve the man in the red shirt jumping into the water from the bridge.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man who, from 00 to 17, stands up in the water. Subsequently, from 17 to 34, the man jumps into the water. The man then, from 34 to 51, climbs back up onto the rocks. Lastly, from 51 to 68, the man is seen standing in the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's a sequence of events with their corresponding timestamps:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man in a red shirt who jumps into a river. The camera then pans to the left, revealing a man in a blue shirt. Later, a man in a white shirt is seen walking towards the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera pans to the left, revealing a man in a white shirt."
2. The man in the white shirt is seen walking away from the camera.
3. The camera pans to the left again, showing a man in a white shirt.
"4. The man in the white shirt is seen walking away from the camera once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""00 to 17: The video begins with a man standing in the water."
17 to 34: The man jumps into the water.
34 to 51: The man swims to the edge of the water.
51 to 68: The man stands up in the water.
"68 to 99: The man walks out of the water."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a black crow and a dog playing together. The dog initially tries to eat the crow, but the crow retaliates by pecking at the dog's face. The dog then runs away, and the crow continues to chase it. The video ends with the crow successfully catching the dog."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a dog that initially runs away from a black bird. The dog then returns to the scene and engages in a game of fetch with the bird. The dog successfully catches the bird and subsequently eats it.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a backyard, where a black dog is initially shown. The dog then engages in a game of fetch with a crow, successfully catching it and eating it. The dog then proceeds to play with a ball, throwing it and catching it. The dog then returns to the backyard, where it continues to play with the ball."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a backyard, with a dog and a crow engaging in a playful interaction. The dog initially chases the crow, but the crow manages to escape by flying away. The dog then returns to its owner, who is standing in front of a garage. The video concludes with the dog running towards the garage."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a dog that initially runs away from a black bird. The dog then engages in a game of fetch with the bird, successfully catching it in its mouth. The dog subsequently drops the bird and walks away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a dog that performs a series of actions. From 00 to 17, the dog is seen eating. From 17 to 34, the dog is shown eating from a bird's mouth. From 34 to 51, the dog is seen eating from a bird's mouth. From 51 to 68, the dog is shown eating from a bird's mouth. From 68 to 85, the dog is seen eating from a bird's mouth. From 85 to 99, the dog is shown eating from a bird's mouth."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a dog that initially runs away from a black bird. The dog then returns to the scene and engages in a game of fetch with the bird. The dog successfully catches the bird and subsequently drops it. The bird, however, manages to escape from the dog's grasp."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video features a dog that initially runs away from a black bird. The dog then returns to the scene and engages in a game of chasing the bird. The dog successfully catches the bird and eats it.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The dog is seen eating a ball."
2. The dog is shown eating a ball from a bird.
"3. The dog is seen eating a ball from a bird, and then it walks away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of kids playing in a pool, with one boy in particular standing out. He is seen running around the pool, jumping into the water, and even standing on the side of the pool. The video captures the joy and excitement of the children as they play together."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a boy who runs towards a pool, jumps into it, and then climbs out. Subsequently, a child in a blue shirt is seen running towards the pool."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a backyard with a blue inflatable water slide. The camera captures the scene from a distance, showing the slide and the people playing on it. The video also includes a shot of a boy wearing a shirt with a skull on it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a backyard, with the first event occurring from 00 to 17. The second event, featuring a boy in a blue shirt, takes place from 67 to 91."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a boy who runs towards a large inflatable water slide. He then climbs up the slide and slides down, followed by another boy who repeats the same action. The third boy, wearing a shirt, also runs towards the slide and slides down."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a boy who repeatedly falls into a pool.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a boy who runs towards a large inflatable water slide. He then climbs up the slide and slides down, followed by another boy who repeats the same action. The third boy, wearing a shirt, also runs towards the slide and slides down."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a boy who runs into a pool, followed by a man in a black shirt who jumps into the pool. The boy then stands up in the pool."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a boy who runs into a pool, followed by a man in a blue shirt who jumps into the water. The boy then climbs out of the pool and walks away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A boy in a red shirt is seen running towards a pool."
2. The boy jumps into the pool and is pushed down by another person.
3. The boy is shown standing in the pool, looking at the camera.
4. The boy is seen running towards the pool again.
5. The boy is pushed down into the pool by another person.
6. The boy is shown standing in the pool, looking at the camera again.
7. The boy is seen running towards the pool for the third time.
8. The boy is pushed down into the pool by another person.
"9. The boy is shown standing in the pool, looking at the camera for the third time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""00 to 17: The video begins with a boy standing in a pool."
17 to 34: The boy jumps into the pool.
34 to 51: The boy is seen running towards the camera.
51 to 68: The boy is shown standing in the grass.
"68 to 99: The boy is seen running towards the camera again."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a person swimming underwater, surrounded by a variety of fish. The person then turns around and swims back in the opposite direction."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a diver swimming underwater from 00 to 17. The diver then turns around and swims back from 17 to 34. The diver then swims back and forth from 34 to 51. Finally, the diver swims back and forth from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a diverse range of aquatic environments, including a coral reef teeming with marine life, a rocky coastline with a few fish swimming in the water, and a large school of fish swimming in the ocean. The video also features a man swimming underwater, capturing the beauty of the underwater world."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily showcases the underwater world, with a focus on the movement of a fish. The camera captures the fish swimming from 00 to 17, followed by a close-up of the fish from 17 to 34. The video then transitions to a scene of a diver swimming from 34 to 51. The camera then pans to the diver from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a diver swimming underwater, with the camera capturing the scene from 00 to 17. The diver then swims towards the camera from 17 to 34. The camera then pans to the right, revealing a different perspective of the underwater environment from 34 to 51. The diver continues swimming towards the camera from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a diver swimming underwater, with the camera capturing the scene from 00 to 21. The diver then swims back to the surface, as seen from 66 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a diver swimming underwater, accompanied by a school of fish. The diver then turns around and swims back in the opposite direction."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a diver swimming underwater, with the camera capturing the scene from 00 to 21. The diver then turns around and swims back, which takes place from 17 to 33. The diver then swims back to the camera, which occurs from 33 to 50."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera zooms in on a fish."
2. The camera pans to the right, revealing a diver.
"3. The diver swims away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a plane taking off from a runway, followed by a person walking on the beach."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a plane flying over the ocean, followed by a person taking a picture. The plane then passes over the beach, and finally, the plane is seen flying over the ocean once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video showcases a series of events unfolding in a beach setting. From 00 to 17, the camera pans to the left, revealing a beautiful beach with a clear blue sky. In the next sequence from 17 to 34, a plane is seen flying in the sky. The camera then shifts its focus to the beach from 34 to 51, capturing the serene atmosphere."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily showcases a beach scene with a blue sky and clouds. The camera then pans to the left, revealing a plane flying in the distance. The plane is the primary focus of the video from 33 to 50."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a plane flying over the ocean, followed by a person taking a picture. The plane then passes over a beach, and finally, a plane is seen flying over a city."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a plane flying over the ocean, with the camera capturing the plane's movement from 34 to 51. The plane is then shown flying over the ocean again from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a plane taking off from a runway, followed by a person walking on the beach. The plane then flies over the beach, and finally, the plane is seen landing on the runway."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a plane flying over the ocean, followed by a person taking a picture. The plane then passes over a beach, and finally, a plane is seen flying over a city."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""00 to 17: The video begins with a pan right, revealing a beautiful beach."
17 to 34: The camera then pans left, showcasing a plane flying in the sky.
34 to 51: The plane is seen flying over the beach, creating a captivating visual.
51 to 68: The plane flies over the beach, providing a stunning view.
68 to 85: The plane continues to fly over the beach, offering a mesmerizing sight.
"85 to 99: The plane flies over the beach, creating a memorable visual experience."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, ordered chronologically:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a man riding a dirt bike on a track, with a camera following him as he navigates the course. The man is seen performing various tricks and maneuvers, including jumps and turns, as he speeds through the track. The camera captures his movements and the surrounding environment, providing a thrilling and immersive experience for the viewer."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man riding a motorcycle, who is initially seen standing on the side of the road. From 00 to 17, the man is seen riding the motorcycle. He then accelerates from 17 to 34, and during the interval from 34 to 51, he passes a car. The man continues to ride the motorcycle from 51 to 68, and during the timeframe from 68 to 85, he is seen riding the motorcycle in the distance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place on a road, where a man is seen riding a bike. He is wearing a helmet and is seen riding through a curve. The camera captures his movements as he navigates the road."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place on a winding road, with the camera capturing the driver's perspective as they navigate the curves. The video also features a brief glimpse of a blue car driving by, but it is not the primary focus."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person riding a bike, who is initially seen from 00 to 17. The camera then pans to the right, revealing a man in a red shirt, who is the main focus from 17 to 34. The man in the red shirt is seen riding a bike, and the camera captures his actions from 34 to 51."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a man riding a bike, and the repeated events include him riding through a curve and then braking."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man riding a dirt bike, who starts by standing up on the bike. He then accelerates and passes a car. Next, the man performs a high-speed turn, showcasing his skill and agility. Finally, he concludes his ride by stopping and walking away from the bike."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a man riding a bike, who starts from 00 to 17. He then accelerates and passes a car, which occurs from 17 to 34. The man continues to ride his bike and eventually reaches the finish line, which takes place from 34 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man riding a dirt bike, who is seen standing on the side of the road. He then proceeds to ride the bike down a hill, with the camera capturing his movements. The man eventually reaches the bottom of the hill and stops, allowing the camera to capture his surroundings."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera zooms in on a man in a red helmet."
2. The man in the red helmet begins to drive.
3. The man in the red helmet passes a car.
4. The man in the red helmet drives past a blue car.
"5. The man in the red helmet drives past a white car."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man running down a track and jumping into a sand pit. He then stands up and walks away.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of events unfolding in a track and field setting. The first event involves a man running down a track and throwing a javelin. The second event involves a man running down the track and throwing a javelin, followed by another man running down the track and throwing a javelin. The third event involves a man running down the track and throwing a javelin, followed by another man running down the track and throwing a javelin. The fourth event involves a man running down the track and throwing a javelin, followed by another man running down the track and throwing a javelin."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,The video takes place in a large field where a group of people are participating in a race. The camera captures the runners as they start the race and continue to run down the field. The video also shows a man in a white shirt running in the background.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place on a track, with the man running and performing a long jump. The context shifts to a field where the man is shown running and performing a long jump. The video also features a man running on a track, and a man running on a field."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man running down a track, followed by a series of individuals running down the track. The man in the white shirt is the first to cross the finish line, followed by the man in the black shirt."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The repeated events in the video involve the man running down the track and then turning around to run back. This action is repeated multiple times, with the man running down the track and then turning around to run back."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man running down a track, followed by a series of individuals taking turns running down the track. The man in the white shirt is the last to run, and he is shown running down the track."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a man running down a track and taking off his shirt. The man then proceeds to run down the track again, this time with his shirt on. The video concludes with the man running down the track once more."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man running down a track, followed by a series of individuals running down the track. The man in the white shirt is the first to cross the finish line, followed by the man in the black shirt. The man in the white shirt then walks away from the finish line."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man in the white shirt runs down the track."
2. The man in the white shirt crosses the finish line.
3. The man in the white shirt celebrates his victory.
"4. The man in the white shirt walks away from the finish line."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""00 to 17: The video begins with a man running down a track."
17 to 34: The man is shown running down the track, and the camera pans to the left.
34 to 51: The man is shown running down the track, and the camera pans to the right.
51 to 68: The man is shown running down the track, and the camera pans to the left.
68 to 85: The man is shown running down the track, and the camera pans to the right.
"85 to 99: The man is shown running down the track, and the camera pans to the left."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man sailing a sailboat in the ocean, with another person on the boat. The man is seen sailing the boat, and the other person is seen standing on the boat. The video also shows the man sailing the boat in the ocean, and the boat is seen sailing in the ocean."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person sailing a boat, with the following events:"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place on a body of water, where a man is seen sailing a sailboat. The man is seen sailing the boat back and forth, and at one point, he is seen sailing the boat in the water. The video also shows a man in a blue shirt sailing a sailboat in the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place on a body of water, with the man and woman engaging in various activities. The initial scene shows the man and woman sailing on the water, followed by the man sailing alone. The woman then joins the man, and they sail together. The video concludes with the man sailing alone once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person sailing a boat, with the camera capturing the person's movements from 00 to 17. The person then turns the boat around, which is depicted from 17 to 34. The person continues to sail the boat, and the camera captures their actions from 34 to 51. Finally, the person turns the boat around again, which is shown from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a man sailing a boat in the ocean, with the boat being hit by the wind multiple times."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person sailing a boat, with the camera capturing their movements from 00 to 17. The person then turns the boat around, which is depicted from 17 to 34. The person then proceeds to sail the boat in the opposite direction, as seen from 34 to 51. Finally, the person turns the boat around again, which is captured from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a man sailing a boat in the ocean, with the camera capturing his movements. The events unfold as follows:"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man sailing a boat in the ocean, with another person on the boat. The man is seen sailing the boat, and the other person is seen standing on the boat. The man then turns the boat around, and the other person is seen sailing the boat. The man then turns the boat around again, and the other person is seen sailing the boat."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man is seen spinning around on the water."
2. The man is seen spinning around on the water, and then he stops.
"3. The man is seen spinning around on the water, and then he stops."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a man standing in front of a chalkboard, explaining a concept. He points to the chalkboard and continues talking."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man who points at a triangle on a chalkboard from 00 to 17. He then proceeds to draw a line on the board from 17 to 34. The man then points at the triangle again from 34 to 51. Finally, he points at the line he drew from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a classroom setting, where a man is standing in front of a chalkboard. He is engaged in a conversation with the camera, pointing to various areas on the board. The man continues to explain the concepts and ideas, providing insight into the subject matter."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a classroom setting, with the teacher engaging in a lecture. The teacher also demonstrates a graph on a whiteboard, which is the primary focus of the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man standing in front of a chalkboard, where he points to various shapes and numbers. The man then proceeds to draw a line on the board, followed by a series of additional lines."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The repeated events in the video involve the man pointing to the board and then pointing to the floor. This action is performed multiple times throughout the video.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man standing in front of a chalkboard, pointing at various shapes. He then proceeds to draw a square on the board. Next, the man moves his hand to the left side of the square and points to it. Finally, he points to the right side of the square."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man standing in front of a chalkboard, engaging in a conversation. He points to the chalkboard, and the camera zooms in on the writing. The man then proceeds to draw a line on the board."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man points to a triangle on the board."
2. The man points to a triangle on the board.
3. The man points to a triangle on the board.
4. The man points to a triangle on the board.
"5. The man points to a triangle on the board."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person folding a piece of paper in half and then in half again. They then proceed to fold the paper in half once more, resulting in a small triangle shape."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person who, from 00 to 17, picks up a piece of paper. Next, the person, from 17 to 34, folds the paper in half. Finally, from 34 to 51, the person folds the paper again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a room with a table and a chair. The woman is seen sitting on the chair and folding a piece of paper. She then proceeds to cut the paper into a square shape and fold it again. Finally, she cuts the paper into a triangle shape and places it on the table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,The video primarily takes place in a room with a table and a chair. The man is shown folding a piece of paper and placing it on the table. He then proceeds to fold the paper again and place it on the table. The video concludes with the man folding the paper once more and placing it on the table.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person who picks up a green paper, folds it in half, and then folds it again. Subsequently, the person unfolds the paper and places it on a table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The repeated events in the video involve the person folding a piece of paper and then unfolding it. This action is performed multiple times, with the person folding and unfolding the paper from 00 to 17, 17 to 34, and 34 to 51."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person who picks up a piece of paper, folds it in half, and then folds it again. The person then proceeds to fold the paper into a triangle shape."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a person who picks up a piece of paper and folds it in half. The person then proceeds to fold the paper in half again, resulting in a triangular shape. The person then proceeds to fold the paper in half once more, creating a smaller triangle. Finally, the person folds the paper in half one last time, resulting in a small square."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a person who picks up a green paper, folds it in half, and then folds it again. The person then proceeds to fold the paper in half once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The person picks up a green paper."
2. The person folds the green paper in half.
3. The person folds the green paper in half again.
4. The person folds the green paper in half a third time.
"5. The person folds the green paper in half a fourth time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video features a puppet who is talking to the camera. The puppet then turns to the side and looks at the camera.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a puppet who, from 00 to 17, is seen talking. The puppet then, from 17 to 34, looks at the camera. Next, the puppet, from 34 to 51, turns its head to the right. Finally, the puppet, from 51 to 68, looks at the camera again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,The video takes place in a small room with a television set in the background. The main focus of the video is a puppet who is speaking to the camera.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a small room, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17, 17 and 34, and 34 and 51. The video also features a brief scene in a movie theater between 51 and 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a puppet who engages in a conversation with the camera. The puppet then turns to face the camera, and during the interval from 68 to 99, the puppet looks directly at the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a man in a yellow shirt who is seen talking to the camera and waving his hands. He also engages in a game of rock-paper-scissors with a puppet.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a puppet who, from 00 to 17, is seen talking to the camera. The puppet then, from 17 to 34, looks at the camera and raises its right hand. Next, from 34 to 51, the puppet looks at the camera and raises both hands. Finally, from 51 to 68, the puppet looks at the camera and raises both hands."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! The events in the video unfold as follows:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a puppet who engages in a conversation with the camera. The puppet then turns to face the camera, and during the interval from 68 to 99, the puppet's mouth is seen moving."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man in the video is seen talking to the camera."
2. The man in the video is seen talking to the camera while holding a phone.
3. The man in the video is seen talking to the camera while holding a phone and a stuffed animal.
4. The man in the video is seen talking to the camera while holding a phone and a stuffed animal, and the stuffed animal is seen moving.
"5. The man in the video is seen talking to the camera while holding a phone and a stuffed animal, and the stuffed animal is seen moving."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a woman riding a horse in a field. She is seen walking and trotting the horse, and at one point, she is seen sitting on the horse. The video also shows a white horse running in the field."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a girl riding a horse, who is initially seen from 00 to 22. The girl then turns around and faces the camera from 17 to 33. Next, the girl is seen running on the horse from 33 to 50."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a field where a woman is riding a horse. The horse is seen running and jumping over a fence, and the woman is seen riding the horse in different locations. The video also shows the woman riding the horse in a field with a white fence and a white horse."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a field, with the horse and the girl riding it. The initial scene shows the horse running in the field, followed by the girl riding the horse and performing various tricks. The video then transitions to the girl riding the horse in a different location, where she continues to perform tricks. The video concludes with the girl riding the horse in a different location, where she performs a final trick before the horse runs off."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a girl riding a horse, who is initially seen from behind. She then turns around and faces the camera. The horse subsequently runs away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a girl riding a horse in a field, with the horse running and the girl holding onto the horse's mane. The girl is also seen running on the horse and jumping over a fence."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a girl riding a horse in a field. From 00 to 17, the girl is seen riding the horse. From 17 to 34, the girl is seen riding the horse in a field. From 34 to 51, the girl is seen riding the horse in a field. From 51 to 68, the girl is seen riding the horse in a field. From 68 to 85, the girl is seen riding the horse in a field. From 85 to 99, the girl is seen riding the horse in a field."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a girl riding a horse in a field. From 00 to 17, the girl is seen riding the horse. From 17 to 34, the girl is seen riding the horse in a field. From 34 to 51, the girl is seen riding the horse in a field. From 51 to 68, the girl is seen riding the horse in a field. From 68 to 85, the girl is seen riding the horse in a field. From 85 to 99, the girl is seen riding the horse in a field."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a girl riding a horse in a field, with the horse running and the girl holding onto the horse's mane. The girl is seen running on the horse, and the horse is shown running in the field. The video also includes a scene where the girl is seen running on the horse, and the horse is shown running in the field."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a white horse running in a field."
2. The horse is then seen running in a field, with a person on its back.
3. The horse is seen running in a field, with a person on its back, and the person is holding a rope.
4. The horse is seen running in a field, with a person on its back, and the person is holding a rope, while the horse is running.
5. The horse is seen running in a field, with a person on its back, and the person is holding a rope, while the horse is running, and the person is waving.
"6. The horse is seen running in a field, with a person on its back, and the person is holding a rope, while the horse is running, and the person is waving, and the horse is running."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a man sitting on a bed, playing a guitar. He stops playing and looks at the camera, then resumes playing. The man continues to play the guitar and occasionally looks at the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man playing a guitar in a room. From 00 to 17, the man is shown playing the guitar. From 17 to 34, the man stops playing the guitar and looks at the camera. From 34 to 51, the man resumes playing the guitar. Finally, from 51 to 68, the man continues playing the guitar."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a room with a bed and a guitar. The man is shown sitting on the bed and playing the guitar. He is also shown playing the guitar in a different position, such as sitting on the floor or standing up. The video captures the man's musical performance in various settings within the room."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a room with a bed, a guitar, and a chair. The man is shown playing the guitar in various positions, including sitting on the bed and chair. The video also features a brief scene of a man sitting on a couch."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man sitting on a bed, playing a guitar. He stops playing and looks at the camera, then resumes playing the guitar. The man continues to play the guitar and occasionally looks at the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a man playing a guitar in a room. He is shown playing the guitar from 00 to 17, 17 to 34, and 34 to 51. Additionally, he is seen playing the guitar from 51 to 68, 68 to 85, and 85 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man sitting on a bed, holding a guitar. He proceeds to play the guitar, and during the interval from 68 to 99, he stops playing and looks at the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! The video features a man playing a guitar in a room. The sequence of events is as follows:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man sitting on a bed, playing a guitar. He stops playing and looks at the camera, then resumes playing. The man continues to play the guitar and occasionally looks at the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man begins playing the guitar."
2. The man stops playing the guitar.
3. The man resumes playing the guitar.
"4. The man stops playing the guitar once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man in a white shirt and black pants walking into a room with a bed. He then proceeds to make the bed by pulling the sheets up and smoothing them out.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a man who enters the frame from 00 to 17. He then proceeds to make a bed from 17 to 34. The man then stands up and walks away from the bed from 34 to 51.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a hotel room, as evidenced by the presence of a bed and a television. The man is seen walking into the room and adjusting the television. He then proceeds to make the bed."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily focuses on a bed in a hotel room, with the man's movements and actions taking place within this context. The video also shows the man walking around the room and adjusting the pillows on the bed. The video does not provide any information about the time or location of the hotel room."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man who enters the frame from 17 to 34. He then proceeds to adjust the pillows on the bed from 34 to 51. Lastly, the man stands up from 83 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a man who repeatedly touches the bed.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man who enters the frame from 00 to 17. He then proceeds to adjust the pillows on the bed from 17 to 34. Next, the man bends down to pick up a pillow from 34 to 51. Finally, the man straightens the pillows on the bed from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video features a man who enters a room and proceeds to make a bed. He then sits on the bed and folds his legs.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man in the video is seen walking into the room."
2. The man then bends down to pick something up.
3. The man stands up and walks out of the room.
4. The man returns to the room and bends down again.
"5. The man stands up and walks out of the room once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man in a white shirt and black apron preparing a sauce in a bowl. He adds ingredients to the bowl and mixes them together. He then pours the sauce into a white bowl and mixes it again. Finally, he pours the sauce into a white bowl and mixes it once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man who first appears in the frame from 00 to 17. He then proceeds to mix ingredients in a bowl from 17 to 34. Next, the man adds cheese to the bowl from 34 to 51. Finally, he mixes the ingredients together from 51 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a man is shown preparing a dish. He first adds ingredients to a bowl and then proceeds to mix them together. He then adds more ingredients and mixes them in as well. Finally, he pours the mixture into a pan and cooks it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the man preparing a dish. The main events occur from 00 to 17, where the man is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl. The video then transitions to 17 to 34, where the man adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them together. The final event, from 34 to 99, showcases the man pouring the mixture into a pan and cooking it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man who is shown holding a spoon and a can of pasta. He proceeds to scoop out the pasta into a bowl, mix it with a spoon, and then pours the mixture into a pan. The man then stirs the mixture with a spoon and adds more pasta to the bowl. Finally, he pours the mixture into a white bowl and mixes it with a spoon."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The repeated events in the video are the man stirring the sauce in a bowl and pouring it into a pan.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man who is shown holding a spoon and a can of pasta. He proceeds to scoop out the pasta into a bowl, and then he adds a can of sauce to the bowl. Next, he mixes the pasta and sauce together, and finally, he pours the mixture into a white bowl."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man preparing a dish in a kitchen. He first adds ingredients to a bowl and then proceeds to mix them together. Next, he pours the mixture into a pan and cooks it on the stove. Finally, he serves the dish on a plate and takes a bite."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man pours the ingredients into a bowl."
2. He mixes the ingredients together.
3. The man scoops the mixture into a pan and cooks it.
"4. He serves the finished dish on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a dog that starts by lying on the floor. It then stands up and walks away. Later, the dog is seen lying on the floor again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a dog that initially looks up at the camera from 00 to 17. Subsequently, the dog rolls over onto its back from 17 to 34. The dog then rolls back over onto its stomach from 34 to 51."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a living room, where a dog is initially lying on the floor. The dog then stands up and walks away from the camera. Later, the dog is seen lying on the floor again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the dog initially lying on the floor. The dog then stands up and walks around the kitchen, followed by a scene where the dog is lying on the floor again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a dog that initially rolls over on the floor. Subsequently, the dog stands up and walks away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a dog that rolls over and then gets up. The dog then rolls over again.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a dog that initially lies down on the floor. From 17 to 34, the dog rolls over onto its back. Subsequently, from 34 to 51, the dog rolls back onto its stomach."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a dog that starts to move from 00 to 17. The dog then rolls over from 17 to 34. Next, the dog stands up from 34 to 51. Finally, the dog walks away from 51 to 68."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a dog that initially lies down on the floor. From 17 to 34, the dog rolls over onto its back. The dog then stands up from 34 to 51. Finally, the dog walks away from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The dog first appears on the floor."
2. The dog rolls over for the first time.
3. The dog rolls over again, this time with its head on the floor.
"4. The dog rolls over a third time, with its head on the floor."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a cat that is initially looking at the camera. The cat then turns its attention to a wall, and later on, it looks back at the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a cat that starts to lick its face from 00 to 17. The cat then turns its head to the left and looks at the camera from 17 to 34. Next, the cat moves its head to the right and looks at the camera from 34 to 51. Finally, the cat turns its head to the left and looks at the camera once more from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a room with a cat and a window. The cat is initially seen looking at the window, and then it turns around and walks away. Later, the cat is seen looking at the window again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a room with a cat, featuring a cat's face on a wall, a cat's face on a window, and a cat's face on a mirror. The cat's face on the wall is visible from 00 to 17, while the cat's face on the window is shown from 17 to 34. The cat's face on the mirror is visible from 34 to 51."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a cat that initially looks at the camera. The cat then turns its head to the left, followed by a brief moment where the cat looks at the camera again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a cat that runs away from a bright light. The cat then returns to the light and rubs its face on it.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a cat that initially looks at the camera. The cat then turns its head to the left. Next, the cat's head moves to the right. Finally, the cat's head turns back to the left."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a cat that initially looks at the camera. The cat then turns its head to the left, followed by a brief moment where the cat looks at the camera again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The cat's head first appears in the frame."
2. The cat's head is no longer visible.
3. The cat's head reappears in the frame.
"4. The cat's head is no longer visible."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, ordered chronologically:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video features a man who is seen holding a camera and speaking to the camera. He then proceeds to walk around a field while continuing to talk.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man who is initially seen holding a camera and speaking to the camera. From 17 to 34, the man turns around and walks away from the camera. Subsequently, from 34 to 51, the man is seen walking backwards while still speaking to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a field, where a man is seen walking with a camera. He then stops and talks to the camera, pointing to the field. The man then walks away from the camera and continues to talk."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a field, with the man walking around and interacting with the camera. The video also features a brief scene in a forest, where the man is seen walking and talking."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man who is initially seen holding a camera and speaking to the camera. He then proceeds to walk away from the camera. Later, the man is seen walking back towards the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a man who is seen walking and talking to the camera. He then points to the camera and continues walking.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man who is initially standing in a field. He then proceeds to walk towards the camera. Next, the man points towards the camera. Finally, he walks away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a man who is initially standing in a field, holding a camera. From 00 to 17, the man is seen speaking to the camera. From 17 to 34, the man is seen walking through the field while continuing to talk to the camera. From 34 to 51, the man is seen walking through the field, still speaking to the camera. From 51 to 68, the man is seen walking through the field, still talking to the camera. From 68 to 85, the man is seen walking through the field, still speaking to the camera. From 85 to 99, the man is seen walking through the field, still talking to the camera."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man who is initially seen holding a camera and speaking to the camera. He then proceeds to walk away from the camera. Later, the man is seen walking back towards the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man in the video is seen holding a camera and speaking to the camera."
2. He then proceeds to walk away from the camera.
3. The man turns around and walks back towards the camera.
4. The man continues to walk away from the camera.
5. The man turns around and walks back towards the camera once more.
"6. The man then walks away from the camera for the final time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a group of people playing music in a field. They are dressed in marching band attire and are seen playing their instruments. The video captures the joy and energy of the performance, with the group playing in unison and the audience enjoying the music. The video ends with the group continuing to play and the audience clapping along."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of events. Initially, a man in a red shirt is seen walking in front of a group of people. Subsequently, the man in the red shirt walks in front of the band. Later, the man in the red shirt walks in front of the band again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a field, where a group of people dressed in marching band attire are standing. They are holding instruments and are seen playing them in unison. The camera captures their movements as they play their instruments, creating a lively and rhythmic atmosphere. The field is surrounded by trees, and the sky is blue with a few clouds. The video showcases the group's musical talent and their ability to play their instruments in harmony."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a field, with the band performing in front of a large crowd. The band members are dressed in uniforms and are playing their instruments. The video also shows the band playing in a city, with the crowd cheering and dancing. The video ends with the band playing in a field, with the crowd cheering and dancing."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a group of people playing musical instruments, including a man playing the saxophone, a man playing the trumpet, and a man playing the drums. The camera pans around the group, capturing their performance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a series of events where the band members march in a line, turn around, and then march back in the opposite direction. This sequence is repeated multiple times, with the band members performing the same actions each time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a group of people standing in a line, holding instruments. They begin playing their instruments in unison, creating a harmonious melody. As the music progresses, the group moves their instruments up and down, adding a dynamic element to their performance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a series of events from 00 to 17, where a group of people can be seen marching in a line. From 17 to 34, the camera pans to the right, revealing a different perspective of the marching group. From 34 to 51, the camera zooms in on the marching group, providing a closer look at their movements. From 51 to 68, the camera pans to the left, offering a new perspective on the marching group. Finally, from 68 to 99, the camera zooms out, offering a wider view of the marching group."",1,1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a group of people playing musical instruments, with the camera capturing their movements. The most significant events include the man in the back row playing the saxophone from 17 to 34, the man in the middle playing the trumpet from 34 to 51, and the man in the front playing the drum from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The band marches in formation, playing their instruments."
2. The band stops and turns to face the camera.
3. The band resumes marching and playing their instruments.
4. The band stops and turns to face the camera once more.
"5. The band continues marching and playing their instruments."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a car driving down a road with trees on both sides. The car passes by a red car and a white car, and the driver is seen looking at the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a car driving by, followed by a car passing a red light. The car then encounters a white car, and later, a white car passes a red light."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place on a road, with a red car driving past a white car. The red car is then seen driving past a white car again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily showcases a car driving along a road, with the camera capturing the passing scenery. The car's journey takes place from 00 to 22, 22 to 44, and 44 to 66. The video also features a group of people sitting in a car, which occurs from 66 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a car driving by, followed by a car passing a red light. The car then encounters a white car, and later, a white van."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a car driving by a red sign, followed by a car passing a white sign. The car then encounters a white car, and later, a white car passes a red sign."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a car driving by, followed by a car passing a red light. The car then encounters a white car, and later, a white car passes a red light."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a car driving on a road, passing by a red car, and then a white car. The sequence of events takes place from 00 to 17, 17 to 34, and 34 to 51, respectively."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a car driving down a road, passing by a red car, and then turning left at a yellow sign."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera pans to the right, revealing a red car."
2. The red car passes by a white car.
"3. The red car is no longer visible."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a spaghetti sauce dish. They first add tomato sauce to a pot, then add meatballs and cook them in the sauce. Finally, they add spaghetti to the pot and serve the dish."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a person preparing a spaghetti sauce. The events unfold as follows:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is shown preparing a spaghetti sauce. The person is seen stirring the sauce in a pot, adding ingredients, and eventually pouring the sauce into a bowl. The video captures the process of making the spaghetti sauce, from the initial preparation to the final presentation of the dish."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the man preparing a spaghetti sauce. The main events occur from 00 to 17, where the man is shown stirring the sauce, and from 17 to 99, where he continues to stir the sauce and adds more ingredients."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person preparing a spaghetti sauce. The person first adds tomato sauce to a pot, followed by the addition of meatballs. Subsequently, the person stirs the mixture and adds more tomato sauce. Finally, the person pours the sauce over spaghetti."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a person stirring a pot of sauce, adding more sauce, and then stirring the sauce again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,Certainly! The video features a person preparing a spaghetti sauce. The sequence of events includes:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! The video features a person preparing a spaghetti sauce. The sequence of events can be broken down as follows:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video features a person preparing a spaghetti sauce. The key events include:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man pours a can of tomato sauce into a pot."
2. He adds a spoonful of sugar to the pot.
3. The man stirs the contents of the pot.
4. He adds a spoonful of tomato paste to the pot.
5. The man stirs the contents of the pot once more.
6. He adds a spoonful of sugar to the pot.
7. The man stirs the contents of the pot.
8. He adds a spoonful of tomato paste to the pot.
9. The man stirs the contents of the pot.
10. He adds a spoonful of sugar to the pot.
"11. The man stirs the contents of the pot."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features an older woman who is seen talking to the camera while holding a dough ball. She then proceeds to roll out the dough and cut it into pieces. The woman then proceeds to roll out the dough and cut it into pieces. Finally, she takes a bite of the dough and continues to talk to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a woman who is initially seen talking to the camera. From 16 to 32, she is shown kneading dough on a table. From 32 to 48, she rolls out the dough and cuts it into pieces. From 48 to 64, she rolls out more dough and cuts it into pieces. Finally, from 64 to 80, she rolls out more dough and cuts it into pieces."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where an elderly woman is seen speaking to the camera. She then proceeds to knead dough on a table, followed by rolling it out and cutting it into pieces. The woman then proceeds to bake the dough in the oven."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the woman engaged in various activities. From 00 to 17, she is seen standing in the kitchen, talking. From 17 to 34, she is shown kneading dough on a table. From 34 to 51, she is seen rolling out the dough and cutting it into pieces. From 51 to 68, she is shown placing the dough on a plate and cutting it into smaller pieces. From 68 to 85, she is shown rolling out the dough and cutting it into smaller pieces. Finally, from 85 to 99, she is shown rolling out the dough and cutting it into smaller pieces."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a woman who is initially seen talking to the camera. She then proceeds to knead dough on a table. Next, she rolls out the dough and cuts it into pieces. Finally, she bakes the dough in the oven."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a woman who is seen talking to the camera and then engaged in the process of rolling out dough. She subsequently cuts the dough into smaller pieces and rolls it out further.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features an elderly woman who is initially seen talking to the camera. She then proceeds to knead dough on a table, which she subsequently rolls out and cuts into pieces. The woman then proceeds to bake the dough in the oven."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a woman who is initially seen talking to the camera. From 16 to 32, she is shown rolling out dough and placing it on a table. From 32 to 48, she is seen cutting the dough into smaller pieces. From 48 to 64, she is shown rolling out more dough and cutting it into smaller pieces. Finally, from 64 to 80, she is shown rolling out more dough and cutting it into smaller pieces."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a woman who is initially seen talking to the camera. She then proceeds to roll out dough and place it on a table. Next, she cuts the dough into smaller pieces and rolls them out again. Finally, she places the dough on a plate and continues to talk to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The woman is seen talking to the camera."
2. She is shown rolling out dough and placing it on a table.
3. She proceeds to cut the dough into smaller pieces and rolls them out further.
4. The woman then cuts the dough into smaller pieces and rolls them out once more.
5. She shapes the dough into balls and places them on a plate.
"6. The woman is shown talking to the camera once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a large fish swimming in the ocean, with a shark following closely behind. The shark eventually attacks the fish, causing it to swim away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a series of events. From 00 to 17, a large fish is seen swimming in the water. From 17 to 34, a fish is seen swimming in the water. From 34 to 51, a fish is seen swimming in the water. From 51 to 68, a fish is seen swimming in the water. From 68 to 85, a fish is seen swimming in the water. Finally, from 85 to 99, a large fish is seen swimming in the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in the ocean, where a large fish is swimming. The camera then pans to the left, revealing a shark swimming in the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in the ocean, with the camera capturing various scenes of fish swimming and interacting with each other. The main events occur from 00 to 21, where the camera pans to the right, revealing a large fish swimming in the water. The camera then zooms in on the fish from 21 to 42. The video concludes with a close-up shot of the fish from 42 to 63."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a shark swimming in the ocean, followed by a fish jumping out of the water. Later, a large fish is seen swimming in the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a series of events involving a shark and a fish. The shark is first seen swimming in the water from 00 to 17. The fish is then observed swimming away from the shark from 17 to 34. The shark is seen swimming in the water again from 34 to 51. Finally, the shark is shown swimming away from the camera from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a shark swimming in the ocean, followed by a fish jumping out of the water. The shark then turns around and swims away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's a sequence of events with their corresponding timestamps:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a shark swimming in the ocean, followed by a large fish jumping out of the water. The shark then attacks the fish, causing it to fall back into the water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a close-up shot of a fish."
2. The camera then zooms out to show a larger area, revealing a shark.
3. The shark is seen swimming away from the camera.
4. The camera zooms in on the shark, providing a detailed view of its body.
5. The shark is shown swimming in the water, with the camera capturing its movements.
6. The shark is seen swimming towards the camera.
7. The camera zooms in on the shark, offering a detailed view of its body.
8. The shark is shown swimming in the water, with the camera capturing its movements.
9. The shark is seen swimming towards the camera.
"10. The camera zooms in on the shark, providing a detailed view of its body."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a group of boys riding horses in a desert. They are seen walking and riding their horses, and one of the boys is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a man in a white hat and a white shirt riding a horse."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features three distinct events. The first event occurs from 00 to 17, where the boys are seen riding horses. The second event takes place from 17 to 34, where the boys are shown riding horses and walking. Lastly, the third event spans from 34 to 51, where the boys are seen walking and riding horses."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a dusty and dry environment, with a group of boys riding horses and wearing cowboy hats. The boys are seen walking around on horses, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the ground, and one of them is seen holding a pistol. The video also shows a group of boys riding horses and walking around on the ground. The boys are seen riding horses and walking around on the"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a desert setting, with the boys riding horses and engaging in various activities. The main events occur from 00 to 17, where the boys are seen riding horses in the desert. The video then transitions to 17 to 34, where the boys are shown riding horses and engaging in a game of rock-paper-scissors. The final scene, from 34 to 99, features the boys continuing to ride horses and play rock-paper-scissors."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features three boys riding horses, with one of them wearing a white hat. The boys are seen walking and riding horses in a field. Additionally, there is a scene where the boys are standing in front of a house, and another where they are standing in front of a fence."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a series of events where the boys are shown riding horses and holding guns. They are also seen walking down the street and sitting on a bench.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a group of boys riding horses, with one of them wearing a white hat. The boys are seen walking their horses, and later, they are seen riding their horses. The boys are also seen walking their horses in a line, and one of them is wearing a white hat."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features three boys riding horses, with the first event occurring from 00 to 17. The second event involves the boys stopping to pet their horses, which takes place from 17 to 34. The third event showcases the boys riding their horses again, which occurs from 34 to 51. The fourth event depicts the boys stopping to pet their horses once more, taking place from 51 to 68. Finally, the fifth event shows the boys riding their horses for the last time, which occurs from 68 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features three boys riding horses, with one of them falling off. The boys then dismount and walk away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a close-up shot of a boy in a white hat."
2. The camera then pans to show a boy in a white hat and a boy in a black hat.
3. The boy in the white hat is shown again, this time with a black hat.
4. The boy in the white hat is shown once more, this time with a black hat.
"5. The boy in the white hat is shown one final time, this time with a black hat."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man in a white shirt and black pants baking bread in a kitchen. He is seen kneading the dough and placing it on a table. He then rolls out the dough and puts it in the oven.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,Certainly! The video features a man engaged in the process of making cookies. The events unfold as follows:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a bakery, where a man is seen rolling dough on a table. Another man is seen placing dough on a rack, and a third man is seen placing dough on a table. The video also shows a man placing dough on a rack and a man placing dough on a table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the main action occurring from 00 to 17. The man is seen rolling dough on a table, and the camera captures his movements. The second main event occurs from 17 to 34, where the man continues to roll the dough and the camera pans around the kitchen. The third event takes place from 34 to 51, where the man is shown rolling the dough and the camera captures his actions. Finally, the fourth event occurs from 51 to 68, where the man continues to roll the dough and the camera captures his movements."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man engaged in the process of making cookies. He is seen rolling dough on a table, placing it in a pan, and then placing the pan in an oven."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a man repeatedly folding dough and placing it on a table.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man engaged in the process of making cookies. He is seen rolling out dough on a table, cutting it into circles, and placing them on a baking sheet. The man then proceeds to bake the cookies in an oven."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man engaged in the process of making cookies. He is seen rolling dough on a table, placing it in a pan, and then placing the pan in an oven. The man is also shown taking the pan out of the oven and placing it on a table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man in the white shirt begins to roll the dough."
2. The man in the white shirt rolls the dough from 17 to 34.
3. The man in the white shirt rolls the dough from 34 to 51.
4. The man in the white shirt rolls the dough from 51 to 68.
5. The man in the white shirt rolls the dough from 68 to 85.
"6. The man in the white shirt rolls the dough from 85 to 99."",0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""00 to 17: The man is seen rolling dough."
17 to 34: The man continues to roll the dough.
34 to 51: The man places the dough on a rack.
51 to 68: The man removes the dough from the rack.
68 to 85: The man rolls the dough again.
"85 to 99: The man places the dough back on the rack."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man in a black jacket and hat giving a woman a flower. The woman then puts the flower in her mouth.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man in a black jacket who hands a bag to a woman. The woman then takes out a purple object from the bag. The man in the black jacket is seen again, and the woman is shown holding the purple object."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a city, with a man in a black jacket and a woman in a green jacket standing in front of a store. The man hands the woman a bag, and she smiles at him. The woman then puts the bag on her head, and the man takes it off. The woman puts the bag on her head again, and the man takes it off once more. The woman then puts the bag on her head for the final time, and the man takes it off."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a city setting, with the man and woman engaging in various activities. The first scene shows the man and woman standing in front of a store, while the second scene depicts them walking down a street. The third scene features the man and woman in a park, and the fourth scene shows them in a store. The fifth scene takes place in a park, and the sixth scene shows the man and woman in a store. The video concludes with the man and woman walking down a street."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a man in a black jacket who hands a bag to another man. The second man then opens the bag and takes out a purple object. The man in the black jacket then takes the purple object from the other man.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The repeated events in the video involve the man in the black jacket and the woman in the red jacket. They are shown interacting with each other multiple times, with the woman holding a green object in her hand."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man in a black jacket who is initially seen holding a bag. He then proceeds to hand the bag to a woman. Next, the man is shown holding a green object, which he subsequently places in his mouth."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video features a man in a black jacket who hands a woman a bag. The woman then takes out a green object and puts it in her mouth. The man in the black jacket then takes the bag from the woman.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A man in a black jacket hands a woman a bag."
2. The woman opens the bag and takes out a green plant.
3. The man in the black jacket takes the plant from the woman.
4. The man in the black jacket hands the plant to another man.
5. The man in the black jacket hands the plant to a woman.
"6. The woman in the black jacket takes the plant from the man."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, ordered chronologically:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a man who is seen talking to the camera and then proceeds to demonstrate how to play lacrosse. He explains the basics of the game and demonstrates the proper techniques for catching, throwing, and shooting the ball. The video also includes footage of the man playing lacrosse with another person, showcasing the skills he has just taught."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man engaged in a conversation with the camera, followed by a sequence of him performing various actions. From 00 to 17, the man is seen talking to the camera. From 17 to 34, he is shown performing a series of actions, including running and throwing a ball. From 34 to 51, the man continues to run and throw the ball. From 51 to 68, he is seen running and throwing the ball again. Finally, from 68 to 99, the man continues to run and throw the ball."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a field where a man is seen speaking to the camera. He then proceeds to demonstrate various lacrosse moves, such as shooting and passing, while another man watches and speaks to the camera. The man in the video continues to showcase his skills by running around the field and performing more lacrosse moves."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a field, with the man engaging in various activities. The first scene shows him standing in the field, talking to the camera. The second scene features him demonstrating the proper technique for hitting a ball. The third scene shows him successfully hitting the ball, followed by a replay of the shot. The fourth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The fifth scene shows him running and hitting the ball once more, with a replay of the shot. The sixth scene shows him running and hitting the ball once more, with a replay of the shot. The seventh scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The eighth scene shows him running and hitting the ball once more, with a replay of the shot. The ninth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The tenth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The eleventh scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The twelfth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The thirteenth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The fourteenth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The fifteenth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The sixteenth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The seventeenth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The eighteenth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The nineteenth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The twentieth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The twenty-first scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The twenty-second scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The twenty-third scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The twenty-fourth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The twenty-fifth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The twenty-sixth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The twenty-seventh scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The twenty-eighth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The twenty-ninth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The thirtieth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The thirty-first scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The thirty-second scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The thirty-third scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The thirty-fourth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The thirty-fifth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The thirty-sixth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The thirty-seventh scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The thirty-eighth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The thirty-ninth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The fortieth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The forty-first scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The forty-second scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The forty-third scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The forty-fourth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The forty-fifth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The forty-sixth scene shows him running and hitting the ball again, with a replay of the shot. The forty-se"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man engaged in a solo practice session, where he performs various exercises. From 00 to 17, the man is seen standing in a field, speaking to the camera. From 17 to 34, he is shown performing a series of exercises, including throwing and catching a ball. From 34 to 51, the man continues his practice, throwing and catching the ball. From 51 to 68, he demonstrates proper technique by throwing the ball and catching it. Finally, from 68 to 99, the man concludes his practice session by speaking to the camera once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a man engaged in a solo practice session, where he performs a series of actions. From 00 to 17, he is seen standing in a field, talking to the camera. From 17 to 34, he is shown running and throwing a lacrosse ball. From 34 to 51, he is seen running and throwing the ball again. Finally, from 51 to 99, he is shown running and throwing the ball once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man engaged in a conversation with the camera. He then proceeds to demonstrate a lacrosse drill, which involves running with a stick and throwing the ball. The man successfully executes the drill multiple times, showcasing his proficiency in the sport."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a man engaged in a solo practice session on a field. From 00 to 17, he is seen standing on the field, speaking to the camera. From 17 to 34, he is shown performing a series of soccer moves, including dribbling and shooting. From 34 to 51, he continues to practice his soccer skills, demonstrating various techniques. From 51 to 68, he is seen running across the field, showcasing his agility and speed. From 68 to 99, he continues to practice his soccer moves, focusing on accuracy and precision."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man engaged in a conversation with the camera, followed by a sequence of him performing various actions on a field. The man is seen running, throwing a ball, and then kicking it. He continues to speak to the camera while performing these actions."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a man speaking to the camera."
2. The man then proceeds to demonstrate a lacrosse move.
3. The man continues to speak to the camera while demonstrating the move.
4. The man performs the move again, this time with a ball.
"5. The man concludes his demonstration and speaks to the camera once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a woman smoking a cigarette and then taking a drag. She then puts the cigarette out and looks at the camera.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of events. First, a woman is seen smoking a cigarette from 17 to 34. Next, she takes a drag from the cigarette and exhales smoke from 34 to 51. Finally, the woman places the cigarette in her mouth and takes a drag from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a bedroom, where a woman is seen smoking a cigarette. She is shown sitting on a bed, and there is a cat lying on the bed next to her. The woman is also seen lying on the bed, smoking a cigarette. The video captures the woman's actions and the presence of the cat in the bedroom."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a bedroom, with the woman smoking a cigarette and the man sitting on the bed. The camera captures the woman's facial expressions and the man's reactions as they engage in a conversation. The video also features a brief scene of the woman smoking a cigarette in a bathroom, and the man sitting on the bed with a cat."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a woman who, from 00 to 17, puts a cigarette in her mouth. From 17 to 34, she takes a puff of the cigarette. Next, from 34 to 51, she exhales smoke. Finally, from 51 to 68, she puts the cigarette out."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a woman smoking a cigarette and blowing smoke. The camera zooms in on her face, and she continues to smoke and blow smoke."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a woman who, from 00 to 17, looks at the camera and smiles. From 17 to 34, she takes a cigarette and lights it. From 34 to 51, she inhales the cigarette and exhales smoke. From 51 to 68, she puts the cigarette out on her arm. From 68 to 85, she laughs and looks at the camera. Finally, from 85 to 99, she puts her hand on her face."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a woman who is shown smoking a cigarette. She takes a drag and then exhales smoke. The camera then pans to the woman's face, and she appears to be laughing."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The woman smiles at the camera."
2. The woman takes a puff from a cigarette.
3. The woman laughs and looks away from the camera.
4. The woman puts her hand on her face.
"5. The woman laughs again and looks away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""00 to 17: The woman smiles and looks at the camera."
17 to 34: The woman takes a cigarette and lights it.
34 to 51: The woman exhales smoke and looks at the camera.
51 to 68: The woman puts the cigarette in her mouth and looks at the camera.
68 to 85: The woman takes the cigarette out of her mouth and looks at the camera.
"85 to 99: The woman puts the cigarette in her mouth and looks at the camera."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a group of people, including a man and a woman, who are dancing in a room. They are wearing matching shirts and are dancing to the beat of the music. The man and woman are the only ones dancing in the beginning, but later, more people join in, and they all dance together. The video ends with the group of people posing for a picture."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of events, with the first occurrence taking place from 00 to 17. The second event involves a man in a white shirt and black shorts, which transpires from 17 to 34. The third event showcases a man in a white shirt and black shorts, which takes place from 34 to 51. The fourth event involves a man in a white shirt and black shorts, which occurs from 51 to 68. Finally, the fifth event features a man in a white shirt and black shorts, which transpires from 68 to 85."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a dance studio, where a group of people is gathered. They are seen dancing together, with some of them holding a pose while others continue dancing. The group is also seen dancing in a line, with some of them holding a pose while others continue dancing. The video captures the energy and enthusiasm of the group as they move and groove together."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a dance studio, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17, 17 and 34, and 34 and 51. The dancers are also seen in a park and a gym, but these locations are not as prominent in the video's overall narrative."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a group of people, including a man and a woman, who are engaged in a dance routine. The woman is seen dancing in front of the man, and later, the man joins in the dance. The group then performs a synchronized dance together, showcasing their coordination and teamwork."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The repeated events in the video involve the group of people performing a dance routine, with the woman in the middle leading the way. They move back and forth, side to side, and then turn around and move forward."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a group of people, including a man and a woman, who are initially standing in a room. They then proceed to dance together, performing various movements. The man and woman continue dancing, and the woman eventually walks away from the group. The man remains, and the woman returns to join the group."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! The video features a group of people engaging in a dance routine. The events unfold as follows:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a group of people, including a man and a woman, who are engaged in a dance routine. The woman is seen dancing in front of the man, and later, the man is shown dancing in front of the woman. The video also includes a brief appearance of a man in a white shirt."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a group of people standing in a room, holding a pose."
2. The group then proceeds to dance together, moving in sync.
3. The camera captures the group from various angles, showcasing their synchronized movements.
4. The group continues to dance, with the camera capturing their movements from different angles.
"5. The video concludes with the group posing together, displaying their unity and coordination."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man riding a horse in a rodeo arena, where he performs various tricks. He jumps over a fence, rides the horse backwards, and even lays on the horse's back. The crowd cheers him on as he continues to perform."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man on a horse who is seen running around a dirt ring. He then proceeds to rope a calf, which he successfully catches. The man then ties the calf up and dismounts his horse."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a rodeo arena, where a man on a horse is seen riding around the arena. The man then dismounts his horse and ties up a calf, which is released from a gate. The man then proceeds to rope the calf and tie it up again. The video showcases the man's skills in rodeo events, such as calf roping and horse riding. The rodeo arena is a large indoor or outdoor space designed for rodeo events, which typically involve activities such as horse riding, calf roping, and other rodeo sports."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a rodeo arena, with a crowd of people watching. The main events involve a man on a horse chasing a calf, dismounting, and tying it up. The video also shows a man on a horse chasing a calf in a different location, and a man on a horse chasing a calf in a different location."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man riding a horse in a rodeo arena, where he engages in a series of events. From 00 to 17, the man is seen riding the horse. From 17 to 34, the man is seen riding the horse and chasing a calf. From 34 to 51, the man successfully catches the calf and ties it up. From 51 to 68, the man dismounts the horse and ties the calf. From 68 to 99, the man is seen riding the horse and chasing another calf."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a man on a horse who jumps over a fence, followed by a cowboy on a horse who also jumps over the fence. The video then shows a man on a horse who jumps over a fence, followed by a cowboy on a horse who also jumps over the fence."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man on a horse, who is seen running around a dirt ring. He then proceeds to rope a calf, which he successfully catches. The man then ties the calf up and dismounts his horse."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a man on a horse who is seen running around a dirt ring. From 00 to 17, the man is seen running around the ring. From 17 to 34, the man is seen running around the ring, and he is seen running around the ring again from 34 to 51. From 51 to 68, the man is seen running around the ring, and he is seen running around the ring again from 68 to 85. From 85 to 99, the man is seen running around the ring, and he is seen running around the ring again from 85 to 99."",1,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video features a man on a horse who is seen running around a dirt ring. He then jumps off the horse and ties up a calf. The man then proceeds to rope the calf and tie it up. The video concludes with the man walking away from the scene.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A man on a horse enters the arena."
2. The man dismounts and ties up a calf.
3. The man then mounts the horse and chases the calf.
4. The man successfully lassos the calf and ties it up.
"5. The man dismounts and walks away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a group of people walking down the street, with a large group of people in yellow and black outfits leading the way. The camera pans around to show the entire group, and the people continue walking down the street."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a group of people walking down the street, followed by a group of people in yellow suits dancing. The camera then pans to the right, revealing a group of people in yellow suits dancing."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a city, with a group of people walking down the street. The camera captures the movement of the group as they walk, and the surrounding environment is visible in the background. The video also shows a group of people dancing in the street, with a yellow umbrella visible in the foreground. The camera pans around the group, capturing their movements and expressions. The video ends with the group of people walking away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place on a street, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17, 17 and 34, and 34 and 51. The video also features a brief scene in a park from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a group of people walking down the street, followed by a group of people in yellow suits dancing. The camera then pans to the right, revealing a group of people in yellow suits dancing."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a group of people walking down the street, with a yellow umbrella visible from 00 to 17. The group then stops and performs a dance routine from 17 to 34. Finally, the group continues walking down the street from 34 to 51."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a group of people walking down the street, followed by a group of people in yellow suits walking in the opposite direction. The camera then pans to the right, revealing a group of people in yellow suits."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a group of people walking down the street, followed by a group of people in yellow suits walking in the opposite direction. The yellow-suited individuals then turn around and walk back in the opposite direction."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a group of people walking down the street, followed by a group of people in yellow suits dancing. The camera then pans to the right, revealing a group of people in yellow suits dancing."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a group of people walking down the street."
2. The camera pans to the right, revealing a group of people in yellow.
3. The camera zooms in on the people in yellow.
4. The people in yellow begin to dance.
"5. The people in yellow continue to dance, and the camera captures their movements."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man performing weightlifting exercises in a gym. He is seen lifting a barbell and performing squats while holding the barbell. He also demonstrates how to properly lift the barbell and perform squats.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a man performing various exercises with a barbell. The timeline of events includes:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a gym, where a man is seen standing in front of a barbell. He proceeds to lift the barbell over his head and then drops it back down to the ground. The man then repeats this action multiple times, showcasing his strength and endurance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a gym setting, with the man engaging in various exercises. The first scene shows the man standing in front of a barbell, while the second scene features him performing squats. The third scene depicts the man kneeling down and placing his hands on the barbell. The fourth scene shows the man lifting the barbell over his head, and the fifth scene features him dropping the barbell back down."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man performing various exercises with a barbell. He first lifts the barbell over his head, then drops it to his chest, and finally, he drops it to the ground."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a man performing a series of exercises with a barbell. He lifts the barbell over his head, drops it, and then lifts it again. This sequence of actions is repeated multiple times throughout the video."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man standing in a gym, holding a barbell. He then proceeds to lift the barbell over his head, performing a squat. After completing the squat, he lowers the barbell back to the ground."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a man performing a series of exercises on a bar. The first event occurs from 00 to 17, where the man is seen standing in front of the bar. The second event takes place from 17 to 34, where the man is seen lifting weights. The third event occurs from 34 to 51, where the man is seen lifting the weights over his head. The fourth event occurs from 51 to 68, where the man is seen dropping the weights to the ground. The fifth event occurs from 68 to 99, where the man is seen walking away from the bar."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man performing a series of exercises with a barbell. He first lifts the barbell over his head, then drops it to his chest, and finally drops it to the ground. Throughout the video, the man maintains a conversation with the camera, providing instructions and guidance."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man is seen standing in a gym, holding a barbell."
2. He lifts the barbell over his head and then drops it to the ground.
3. The man then bends down to pick up the barbell again.
4. He lifts the barbell over his head once more and drops it to the ground.
"5. The man then bends down to pick up the barbell for the final time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a woman who is seen hula hooping in a gym. She demonstrates how to properly hold the hoop and move it around her body. The video also shows a group of people hula hooping in a circle, and the woman is seen hula hooping in a circle with other people. The video ends with the woman hula hooping alone in the gym."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a woman who is seen hula hooping in a circle. From 00 to 17, she is seen hula hooping. From 17 to 34, she is seen hula hooping in a circle. From 34 to 51, she is seen hula hooping in a circle while holding a hula hoop. From 51 to 68, she is seen hula hooping in a circle while holding a hula hoop. From 68 to 85, she is seen hula hooping in a circle while holding a hula hoop. From 85 to 99, she is seen hula hooping in a circle while holding a hula hoop."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a playground, where a woman is seen performing hula hoop tricks. She is wearing a pink shirt and is surrounded by other people who are also hula hooping. The woman is seen performing various tricks, including spinning the hoop around her body and between her legs. She also demonstrates how to do a handstand while hula hooping. The video ends with the woman standing in the middle of the playground, surrounded by other people who are also hula hooping."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a gymnasium, where a woman is seen hula hooping. The woman is also seen hula hooping in a living room and a gym. Additionally, there are scenes of people playing baseball in a field and a man playing basketball in a gym."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a woman who is seen hula hooping in a circle. She then moves to the center of the circle and continues hula hooping. The woman then moves to the right and hula hoops in a circular motion. Finally, she moves to the left and hula hoops in a circular motion."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a woman performing a hula hoop routine in a gym. She is seen hooping around her waist, arms, and legs, while also incorporating other props such as a rope and a jump rope."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a woman who is initially seen holding a hula hoop. She then proceeds to demonstrate her hula hooping skills by spinning the hoop around her body. The woman continues to hula hoop, showcasing her agility and skill. Finally, she concludes her performance by spinning the hoop around her body one last time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a woman who is seen hula hooping in a circle. From 00 to 17, she is seen hula hooping in a circle. From 17 to 34, she is seen hula hooping in a circle while holding a hula hoop. From 34 to 51, she is seen hula hooping in a circle while holding a hula hoop and speaking to the camera. From 51 to 68, she is seen hula hooping in a circle while holding a hula hoop and speaking to the camera. From 68 to 85, she is seen hula hooping in a circle while holding a hula hoop and speaking to the camera. From 85 to 99, she is seen hula hooping in a circle while holding a hula hoop and speaking to the camera."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video features a woman who is seen hula hooping in a circle. She then moves to a single hula hoop and continues to hula hoop. The woman then adds a second hula hoop and continues to hula hoop. The video concludes with the woman hula hooping with both hula hoops.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a woman holding a hula hoop."
2. The woman then proceeds to demonstrate the proper technique for hula hooping.
3. The woman showcases her skills by performing various tricks with the hula hoop.
"4. The video concludes with the woman spinning the hula hoop around her body."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man and a woman kayaking on a lake. They are seen paddling and chatting with each other. The camera captures the beautiful scenery around them, including the water and the trees. The video ends with the man and woman standing on the shore, looking out at the lake."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man in a red shirt who is initially seated on a boat. From 00 to 17, the man stands up and begins paddling. Subsequently, from 17 to 34, the man and another individual engage in a conversation. The man then proceeds to paddle the boat from 34 to 51."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place on a lake, where two men are seen paddling a boat. They are later joined by another man, and the three of them continue to paddle together. The camera captures the serene beauty of the lake and the surrounding landscape."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place on a lake, with the man and woman engaging in various activities. The initial scene shows them sitting on a boat, while the subsequent scenes depict them paddling the boat and eventually walking on the shore. The video concludes with the man and woman sitting on the shore, with the man holding a paddle."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man in a red shirt paddling a boat, while another man in a yellow shirt is seated in the boat. The man in the yellow shirt is seen paddling the boat from 22 to 70. The camera then pans to the right, revealing a lake in the background from 67 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a man in a red shirt paddling a boat, followed by a man in a yellow shirt paddling a kayak. The man in the yellow shirt then paddles the kayak towards the shore."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man in a red shirt paddling a boat. From 00 to 17, the man is seen paddling the boat. From 17 to 34, the man is seen paddling the boat, and a man in a yellow shirt is also seen paddling a boat. From 34 to 51, the man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat, and the man in the yellow shirt is also seen paddling a boat. From 51 to 68, the man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat, and the man in the yellow shirt is also seen paddling a boat. From 68 to 85, the man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat, and the man in the yellow shirt is also seen paddling a boat. From 85 to 99, the man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat, and the man in the yellow shirt is also seen paddling a boat."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's a sequence of events with their corresponding timestamps:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man in a red shirt and a man in a blue shirt rowing a boat. The man in the red shirt is seen rowing the boat from 00 to 22. The man in the blue shirt is also shown rowing the boat from 22 to 44. The man in the red shirt then takes over the boat again from 44 to 66. The man in the blue shirt is seen rowing the boat again from 66 to 88. Finally, the man in the red shirt is shown rowing the boat from 88 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man in the red shirt is seen paddling a boat."
2. The man in the red shirt is joined by another man in a yellow shirt.
3. The two men continue paddling together.
4. The man in the red shirt is seen paddling alone.
5. The man in the red shirt is joined by a woman in a white shirt.
6. The man in the red shirt is seen paddling alone again.
7. The man in the red shirt is joined by another man in a yellow shirt.
8. The two men continue paddling together.
9. The man in the red shirt is seen paddling alone once more.
10. The man in the red shirt is joined by a woman in a white shirt.
11. The man in the red shirt is seen paddling alone once more.
12. The man in the red shirt is joined by another man in a yellow shirt.
"13. The two men continue paddling together."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""00 to 17: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling a boat."
17 to 34: The man in the red shirt and the man in the blue shirt are seen paddling the boat.
34 to 51: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
51 to 68: The man in the red shirt and the man in the blue shirt are seen paddling the boat together.
68 to 85: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
"85 to 99: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the blue shirt is seen walking on the shore."",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video features a woman who is seen holding a hula hoop and demonstrating how to use it. She starts by holding the hoop in front of her and then moves it around her body. She then proceeds to show how to use the hoop to perform various tricks and movements.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a woman who is seen standing in a field, holding a hula hoop. From 00 to 17, she is seen speaking to the camera while holding the hula hoop. From 17 to 34, she demonstrates how to properly hold the hula hoop. From 34 to 51, she showcases her hula hooping skills by spinning the hoop around her body. From 51 to 68, she continues to spin the hoop around her body while speaking to the camera. From 68 to 99, she concludes her demonstration by spinning the hoop around her body and speaking to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a green field, where a woman is seen standing and holding a hula hoop. She then proceeds to demonstrate how to use the hula hoop by spinning it around her body. The woman continues to showcase her skills by performing various tricks with the hula hoop, such as throwing it up in the air and catching it. The video concludes with the woman throwing the hula hoop up in the air and catching it, followed by a closing screen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a green field, with the woman engaging in various activities. From 00 to 17, she is seen standing in the field, holding a hula hoop. From 17 to 34, she demonstrates how to properly hold the hula hoop. From 34 to 51, she showcases her hula hoop skills by spinning the hoop around her body. From 51 to 68, she continues to spin the hoop around her body, and from 68 to 85, she demonstrates how to properly throw the hula hoop. Finally, from 85 to 99, she concludes her performance by throwing the hula hoop into the air."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a woman who is seen standing in a field, holding a hula hoop. She then proceeds to demonstrate how to properly use the hula hoop by spinning it around her waist. The woman continues to spin the hula hoop around her body, showcasing her skill and control."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a woman who is seen holding a hula hoop and spinning it around her waist. She then proceeds to spin the hoop around her body, showcasing her agility and skill."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a woman who is initially standing in a field, holding a hula hoop. She then proceeds to spin the hoop around her waist, demonstrating her skill and control. The woman continues to spin the hoop, showcasing her agility and grace. Finally, she concludes her performance by stopping the hoop and smiling at the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a woman who is seen standing in a field, holding a hula hoop. From 00 to 17, she is seen speaking to the camera while holding the hula hoop. From 17 to 34, she is seen spinning the hula hoop around her body. From 34 to 51, she is seen spinning the hula hoop around her body while speaking to the camera. From 51 to 68, she is seen spinning the hula hoop around her body while speaking to the camera. From 68 to 99, she is seen spinning the hula hoop around her body while speaking to the camera."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a woman who is seen holding a hula hoop and speaking to the camera. She then proceeds to demonstrate how to properly use the hula hoop by spinning it around her waist. The woman continues to spin the hoop around her body, showcasing her skill and control."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The woman is seen holding a hula hoop in a field."
2. She begins to spin the hoop around her waist.
3. The woman continues to spin the hoop around her body.
4. She eventually stops spinning the hoop and places it on the ground.
5. The woman then picks up the hoop and begins to spin it around her body again.
6. She continues to spin the hoop around her body, eventually stopping and placing it on the ground.
7. The woman then picks up the hoop and begins to spin it around her body once more.
8. She continues to spin the hoop around her body, eventually stopping and placing it on the ground.
9. The woman then picks up the hoop and begins to spin it around her body once more.
"10. She continues to spin the hoop around her body, eventually stopping and placing it on the ground."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a wrestling match between two men, where one of them is wearing a red shirt and the other is wearing a blue shirt. The wrestler in the red shirt is thrown to the ground by the wrestler in the blue shirt, and the referee counts to three. The wrestler in the red shirt gets up and walks away, while the wrestler in the blue shirt celebrates his victory."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a wrestler performing a move on a man, followed by the wrestler standing up. The man then falls to the ground, and the wrestler stands over him."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a wrestling ring, where two men are wrestling. One of the men is wearing a red shirt and the other is wearing a black shirt. The man in the red shirt is thrown to the ground, and the man in the black shirt stands victorious."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a wrestling ring, with the first event occurring from 00 to 17. The second event, featuring a man in a white shirt, takes place from 17 to 34. The third event, where a man in a white shirt is thrown to the ground, occurs from 34 to 51. The fourth event, where a man in a white shirt is thrown to the ground again, takes place from 51 to 68. The fifth event, where a man in a white shirt is thrown to the ground for the third time, occurs from 68 to 85. Finally, the sixth event, where a man in a white shirt is thrown to the ground for the fourth time, takes place from 85 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a wrestler performing a move on a mat, followed by a man in a white shirt entering the frame. The wrestler then executes a spinning move, and the man in the white shirt is seen standing in the background."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a wrestler performing a spinning move on the ground, which is repeated multiple times. Additionally, there is a man in a white shirt who is seen kneeling on the ground and spinning."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a wrestler performing a move on a mat, followed by a man in a white shirt entering the frame. The wrestler then stands up and walks away, while the man in the white shirt remains in the background."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a wrestler performing a move on a mat. The first event occurs from 00 to 17, where the wrestler successfully executes the move. The second event takes place from 17 to 34, where the wrestler stands up and walks away. The third event occurs from 34 to 51, where the wrestler is seen standing on the mat. The fourth event transpires from 51 to 68, where the wrestler is seen standing on the mat. The fifth event takes place from 68 to 85, where the wrestler is seen standing on the mat. Finally, the sixth event occurs from 85 to 99, where the wrestler is seen standing on the mat."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a wrestler performing a move on a mat, followed by a man in a white shirt standing up. The wrestler then falls to the ground, and the man in the white shirt walks away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A man in a black shirt and black pants is seen kneeling on the ground."
2. The man in the black shirt and black pants stands up.
3. The man in the black shirt and black pants is seen kneeling on the ground again.
4. The man in the black shirt and black pants stands up again.
5. The man in the black shirt and black pants is seen kneeling on the ground for the third time.
"6. The man in the black shirt and black pants stands up for the third time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a group of people playing indoor soccer in a gym. They are seen running around the court, passing the ball to each other, and scoring goals. The players are wearing different colored shirts, and the game seems to be competitive. The video captures the excitement and energy of the game, with the players moving quickly and the ball being passed back and forth. Overall, it's a fun and engaging video that showcases the joy of playing indoor soccer."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a man in a yellow shirt who runs towards the camera and then kicks the ball. The man in the yellow shirt then runs towards the goal and kicks the ball again.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a gymnasium, where a group of people are playing a game of indoor soccer. The players are seen running around the court, attempting to score goals. The game is fast-paced and intense, with the players displaying impressive skills and teamwork. The gymnasium is well-lit, with a wooden floor and white walls. The players are wearing different colored shirts, and the game is being watched by a small group of spectators. Overall, the video captures the excitement and energy of a competitive indoor soccer match."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a gymnasium, with the main events occurring on a basketball court. The video begins with a man in a yellow shirt running onto the court, followed by a group of people engaging in a game of basketball. The video then transitions to a man in a blue shirt attempting a basket, which is unsuccessful. The video concludes with the man in the blue shirt walking away from the court."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a group of people playing indoor soccer. The first event is the appearance of a man in a yellow shirt, who is seen running and kicking the ball. The second event involves a player in a blue shirt attempting to score a goal. The third event showcases a player in a white shirt successfully scoring a goal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a man in a yellow shirt running back and forth on a court, while another man in a blue shirt watches him. The man in the yellow shirt is seen running back and forth multiple times, while the man in the blue shirt remains stationary."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a group of people playing indoor soccer. The first event is the appearance of a man in a yellow shirt, who is seen running and kicking the ball. The second event involves a player in a blue shirt successfully scoring a goal. The third event showcases a player in a white shirt attempting to score a goal, but unfortunately, the ball hits the wall."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a man in a yellow shirt who kicks the ball from 00 to 17. The man in the yellow shirt then kicks the ball again from 17 to 34. The man in the yellow shirt successfully kicks the ball for the third time from 34 to 51. The man in the yellow shirt then kicks the ball for the fourth time from 51 to 68. Finally, the man in the yellow shirt kicks the ball for the fifth time from 68 to 85."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a group of people playing indoor soccer in a gym. The most significant events include the man in the yellow shirt scoring a goal from 17 to 34, the man in the blue shirt successfully making a goal from 34 to 51, and the man in the black shirt scoring a goal from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a man in a yellow shirt running towards the camera."
2. The man in the yellow shirt is seen running towards the camera.
3. The man in the yellow shirt is shown running towards the camera.
4. The man in the yellow shirt is seen running towards the camera.
5. The man in the yellow shirt is shown running towards the camera.
6. The man in the yellow shirt is seen running towards the camera.
7. The man in the yellow shirt is shown running towards the camera.
8. The man in the yellow shirt is seen running towards the camera.
9. The man in the yellow shirt is shown running towards the camera.
10. The man in the yellow shirt is seen running towards the camera.
11. The man in the yellow shirt is shown running towards the camera.
12. The man in the yellow shirt is seen running towards the camera.
13. The man in the yellow shirt is shown running towards the camera.
14. The man in the yellow shirt is seen running towards the camera.
15. The man in the yellow shirt is shown running towards the camera.
16. The man in the yellow shirt is seen running towards the camera.
17. The man in the yellow shirt is shown running towards the camera.
18. The man in the yellow shirt is seen running towards the camera.
19. The man in the yellow shirt is shown running towards the camera.
"20. The man in the yellow shirt is seen running towards the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a person making a cake batter and decorating it with chocolate icing. The person mixes the ingredients in a bowl and pours them into a pan. They then bake the cake and decorate it with chocolate icing. The video ends with the person showing off the finished cake.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video showcases a series of events from 00 to 17, where the ingredients are arranged on a table. The person then proceeds to mix the ingredients together from 17 to 34. Subsequently, the person adds the mixture to a pan and bakes it from 34 to 51. Finally, the person cuts the baked item into pieces and presents it on a plate from 51 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is seen preparing a cake. The person first adds three different colors of frosting to a bowl and mixes them together. Then, they take out a cake pan and place it on a table. Next, they add the frosting to the cake pan and place it in the oven. After the cake is baked, the person removes it from the oven and places it on a plate. Finally, they add some decorations to the cake and present it to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring from 00 to 17, 17 to 34, 34 to 51, 51 to 71, and 71 to 99. The video also features a brief glimpse of a black screen with white text from 00 to 17."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person preparing a cake. The person first adds three colors of frosting to a bowl and mixes them together. Next, they place the frosting in a pan and bake it in the oven. After the cake is baked, the person removes it from the oven and adds more frosting to it. Finally, they place the cake on a plate and present it to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a series of repeated events, such as the mixing of ingredients, the pouring of the mixture into a pan, and the cutting of the cake."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,Certainly! The video features a person preparing a cake. The sequence of events includes:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases the process of making a cake, starting with the preparation of the ingredients and the mixing of the batter. The cake is then placed in the oven and baked. Afterward, the cake is decorated with frosting and toppings, and the final product is displayed."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a cake, followed by a person placing three bowls of frosting on a table."
2. The person then proceeds to mix the frosting in a bowl.
3. Next, the person adds chocolate chips to the frosting and mixes it again.
4. The person then adds more chocolate chips and mixes the frosting once more.
5. The person scoops the frosting into a pan and places it in the oven.
"6. The video concludes with the person removing the cake from the oven and placing it on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a man walking a dog on a leash, followed by a woman in a pink shirt walking past. Later, a man in a white shirt is seen walking past."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a dog walking down the street, followed by a man in a white shirt and black shorts walking past the dog. Later, a man in a black shirt and white shorts walks past the dog."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a city, where a man is walking down the street with a dog on a leash. The dog is wearing a pink collar and is wagging its tail. The man is wearing a white shirt and black shorts. As they walk, they pass by a group of people who are standing on the sidewalk. The man and the dog continue walking down the street, passing by a building with a blue sign. The dog is still wagging its tail and the man is walking calmly. The video captures the everyday life of the man and his dog in the city."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place on a city street, with the man and his dog walking down the street. The scene transitions to a dog park, where the man and his dog engage in various activities, including playing with other dogs and interacting with the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man walking a dog, followed by a person in a white shirt walking by. Later, a man in a black shirt is seen walking by."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a dog walking in front of a man, followed by a man in a white shirt walking past the dog. Later, a man in a black shirt walks past the dog."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man walking a dog, followed by a woman in a pink shirt walking by. The man then walks past a man in a white shirt."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a dog walking down the street, followed by a man in a white shirt and black shorts walking past the dog. The man then turns around and walks back in the opposite direction."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man walking a dog, followed by a woman in a pink shirt walking past. The man then walks past the woman."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A man in a pink shirt walks by."
2. A man in a black shirt walks by.
3. A man in a white shirt walks by.
4. A man in a black shirt walks by.
"5. A man in a white shirt walks by."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a woman performing various dance moves in a gym. She starts by jumping up and down, then moves on to spinning around and performing a cartwheel. She continues to dance and perform various moves, including a handstand and a split."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a woman who starts by jumping up and down. From 17 to 34, she performs a series of jumping jacks. Next, she executes a cartwheel from 34 to 51. Finally, she concludes her performance by jumping up and down once more, which takes place from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a gym, where a woman is seen performing various exercises. She starts by jumping rope, then moves on to dancing and performing hand movements. She continues to jump rope and dance, and at one point, she even jumps on her toes. The woman's movements are fluid and graceful, and she seems to be enjoying herself throughout the video. The gym is well-lit, and there are other people visible in the background, suggesting that it may be a busy gym. Overall, the video showcases the woman's impressive physical abilities and her dedication to fitness."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a gym, with the woman engaging in various activities. From 00 to 17, she is seen standing in the gym, while from 17 to 34, she is seen jumping rope. From 34 to 51, she is seen jumping rope in a circle, and from 51 to 68, she is seen jumping rope in a square. From 68 to 85, she is seen jumping rope in a square, and from 85 to 99, she is seen jumping rope in a square."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a woman who is initially standing in a boxing ring. She then proceeds to jump rope, performing various moves. During the interval from 68 to 99, the woman jumps rope in a circular motion."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The repeated events in the video are the woman's dance moves, which include jumping, spinning, and kicking. She performs these moves in a rhythmic and energetic manner, showcasing her agility and grace."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a woman who is initially standing in a boxing ring. She then proceeds to jump rope, performing various moves. From 20 to 71, she jumps rope and performs a series of moves. From 71 to 99, she continues to jump rope and showcase her skills."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's a sequence of events with their corresponding timestamps:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a woman who is initially standing in a boxing ring. She then proceeds to jump rope, showcasing her agility and skill. The woman continues to jump rope, demonstrating her proficiency in the activity."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The woman is seen standing in a boxing ring, holding a punching bag."
2. She begins to move around the ring, punching the bag.
3. The woman continues to move around the ring, punching the bag.
4. She stops and looks at the camera.
5. The woman then begins to jump rope.
6. She jumps rope around the ring, punching the bag.
7. The woman continues to jump rope and punch the bag.
8. She stops and looks at the camera.
9. The woman then begins to dance.
10. She dances around the ring, punching the bag.
11. The woman continues to dance and punch the bag.
"12. She stops and looks at the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video features a man who talks to the camera while holding up a contact lens. He then puts the lens in his eye and shows it to the camera.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a man who talks to the camera and then proceeds to put in contact lenses. The man then rubs his eyes and continues to talk to the camera.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,The video takes place in a room with a man sitting in front of a camera. He is seen rubbing his eyes and looking at the camera. The man then proceeds to put in contact lenses and rub his eyes again.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a room, with a man speaking to the camera and demonstrating various eye-related activities. The main events occur from 00 to 17, where the man is seen speaking to the camera, and from 17 to 33, where he puts on a contact lens. The video then transitions to a close-up of the man's eye from 33 to 50, followed by a sequence from 50 to 67, where the man puts in another contact lens. The video concludes with a final close-up of the man's eye from 67 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man who engages in a series of actions. First, he talks to the camera and then proceeds to put in contact lenses. Next, he rubs his eyes, and finally, he looks at the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a man who repeatedly rubs his eyes, followed by a close-up of his eyes."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man who is initially seen talking to the camera. He then proceeds to insert a contact lens into his eye. After successfully inserting the lens, the man opens his eyes wide, showcasing the contact lens."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a man who talks to the camera and then proceeds to put in contact lenses. The man then rubs his eyes, and finally, he looks at the camera. The sequence of events takes place from 00 to 17, 17 to 34, 34 to 51, and 51 to 68."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video features a man who talks to the camera and then proceeds to put in contact lenses. The man then rubs his eyes and looks at the camera.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man is seen talking to the camera."
2. He puts on a contact lens.
3. The man rubs his eye.
4. The contact lens is shown in close-up.
5. The man rubs his eye again.
"6. The contact lens is shown in close-up once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a news segment with a woman and a man reporting on a bullfighting event. The man is interviewed about his thoughts on the event, and he shares his perspective on the sport."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a bullfighting event, with the bullfighting itself taking place from 00 to 17. The bullfighting is followed by a news segment, which is shown from 17 to 34. The news segment is then followed by a man speaking to the camera, which occurs from 34 to 51. The man continues to speak to the camera from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a newsroom, where a man is seen speaking to the camera. The scene then transitions to a bullfighting ring, where a man is seen riding a bull. The video then returns to the newsroom, where the man is still speaking to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a newsroom setting, with a woman reporting on a bullfighting event. The bullfighting event itself is depicted in a separate segment, showcasing a man engaging in the activity. The video also features a man speaking to the camera in a separate segment."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a news segment with a woman and a man in a studio. The man engages in a bullfighting activity, with the woman providing commentary. The man then returns to the studio, where he continues to discuss bullfighting."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a man in a suit who is seen talking to the camera and gesturing. He is also shown riding a bull and engaging in a conversation with a woman.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a news segment with a woman and a man in a studio. The man is seen talking to the camera, while the woman is shown holding a bull's tail. The man then engages in a bullfighting activity, with the bull chasing him and attempting to attack him. The man successfully dodges the bull's attacks and continues to talk to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! The video features a news segment with a woman and a man reporting on bullfighting. The man is seen speaking to the camera from 16 to 68. The woman then engages in a conversation with the man from 68 to 99.,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a news segment with a woman and a man reporting on bullfighting. The man is interviewed about his experience, and the video shows him getting ready for the bullfight. The man is then seen in the ring, where he engages in a bullfighting performance. The video concludes with the man being interviewed once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a bullfighting scene, showcasing a bullfighting ring and a bull."
2. The camera then shifts to a man in a suit, who is speaking to the camera.
3. The man in the suit is interviewed by a woman, who asks him questions about bullfighting.
4. The man in the suit shares his thoughts on bullfighting, discussing its cultural significance and the artistry involved.
"5. The video concludes with the man in the suit continuing to speak to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a woman in a white shirt and black shorts arm wrestling with another woman in a black shirt and white shorts. The referee is present, and the two women are competing to see who can lift the other's hand off the table. The woman in the white shirt and black shorts wins the match, and the referee raises her hand in victory."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of events from 00 to 17, where a woman in a white shirt is seen holding a barbell. The next event from 17 to 34 shows the woman lifting the barbell over her head. The third event from 34 to 51 depicts the woman dropping the barbell on the table. Finally, from 51 to 99, the woman is seen walking away from the table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a wrestling ring, where two women are seen standing on opposite sides of a table. They then proceed to engage in a wrestling match, with one of the women successfully pushing the other off the table. The video concludes with the two women embracing each other in a friendly manner."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a wrestling ring, with the first event occurring from 00 to 17. The second event, featuring a woman in a white shirt, takes place from 17 to 34. The third event, where a woman in a black shirt is seen, occurs from 34 to 51. The fourth event, where a woman in a black shirt is seen again, takes place from 51 to 68. The fifth event, where a woman in a black shirt is seen for the third time, occurs from 68 to 85. The sixth event, where a woman in a black shirt is seen for the fourth time, takes place from 85 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of arm wrestling matches between two women. The first match takes place from 00 to 17, with the women engaging in the competition. The second match occurs from 17 to 34, where the women continue to arm wrestle. The third match is depicted from 34 to 51, and the fourth match is shown from 51 to 68. The fifth match takes place from 68 to 85, and the sixth match is depicted from 85 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The repeated events in the video involve the two women arm wrestling and the referee counting to three.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a woman in a white shirt who is seen holding a barbell. She then proceeds to lift the barbell over her head, demonstrating her strength and skill. After successfully lifting the barbell, she drops it on the table, showcasing her power and control."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a series of arm wrestling matches between two women, with the first match taking place from 00 to 28. The second match occurs from 28 to 71, and the third match is depicted from 71 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a woman in a white shirt who is seen holding a barbell. She then proceeds to lift the barbell over her head, showcasing her strength and skill. The woman's impressive feat is captured in slow motion, allowing viewers to appreciate the details of her technique."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a title screen."
2. The scene shifts to a table where two women are arm wrestling.
3. The women continue arm wrestling, with one of them eventually winning.
4. The winner celebrates her victory by jumping up and down.
"5. The video concludes with the title screen."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video showcases the preparation of a pasta dish, featuring various ingredients and cooking techniques. The process begins with the presentation of the ingredients, followed by the addition of salt and oil to a pot. The pasta is then cooked in the pot, and the video concludes with the presentation of the finished dish."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a series of events, starting with the appearance of the credits from 00 to 05. Next, a person is seen preparing a dish by adding ingredients to a bowl from 05 to 10. The person then proceeds to mix the ingredients together from 10 to 15. Following this, the person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them once again from 15 to 20. Finally, the person pours the mixture into a pan and cooks it from 20 to 25."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is preparing a dish. The person is seen cutting up various ingredients and mixing them together in a bowl. They then proceed to cook the mixture in a pot on the stove. The video ends with the person serving the dish on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring from 00 to 17, 17 to 34, 34 to 51, and 51 to 99. The video also features a brief glimpse of a man in a white shirt from 00 to 17."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of events, including:"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a series of repeated events, including the preparation of pasta, the addition of cheese, and the presentation of the dish."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a series of events, starting with the appearance of the words """"Al's Recipes"""" on the screen. Next, a person is shown preparing a dish by adding ingredients to a bowl. The person then proceeds to mix the ingredients together, followed by the addition of pasta. The person then proceeds to cook the pasta in a pot, and finally, the dish is plated and presented on a white plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a series of events and actions, including:"",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video showcases the preparation of a pasta dish, featuring the addition of cheese and parsley. The key events include the presentation of the ingredients, the addition of the cheese and parsley, and the final dish being served."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a plate of food."
2. The camera zooms in on the plate, focusing on the food.
3. The person picks up a spoon and begins stirring the food.
4. The person adds more ingredients to the bowl, including salt and pepper.
5. The person stirs the food again, ensuring that all the ingredients are well combined.
6. The person pours the food into a bowl, creating a well-presented dish.
"7. The person serves the food on a plate, presenting it to the viewer."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video features a man and a woman sitting on a couch, discussing various topics. The woman then proceeds to shave her legs in front of the camera, while the man continues to talk. The video ends with the man walking on the beach."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man and a woman engaging in a conversation. The woman then proceeds to brush her teeth, followed by a scene of a man shaving his legs. The video concludes with the man walking on the beach."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place on a beach, where a man and a woman are sitting on a bench and talking. The woman is seen brushing her teeth in a bathroom, and the man is seen brushing his teeth in a bathroom as well. The woman is also seen lying on a bed with a knife in her stomach, and the man is seen lying on a bed with a knife in his stomach. The video ends with the man and woman walking on the beach."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a living room, where a man and a woman engage in a conversation. The woman then proceeds to brush her teeth, and the scene shifts to a beach, where the man is seen brushing his teeth. The video concludes with the man walking on the beach."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a man and a woman engaging in a conversation. The woman then proceeds to brush her teeth, followed by a scene of a man shaving his legs. The video concludes with the man walking on the beach."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a man and a woman engaging in a conversation while a woman is shown brushing her teeth. The man then proceeds to shave his legs, followed by the woman shaving her legs. The video concludes with the man and woman continuing their conversation."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a man and a woman engaging in a conversation. The woman then proceeds to brush her teeth, followed by a scene of a man shaving his legs. The video concludes with the man walking on the beach."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video features a man and a woman engaging in a conversation. The woman then proceeds to shave her legs in front of the camera. The man subsequently joins her on the beach, where she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her in the water, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her on the beach, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her in the water, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her on the beach, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her in the water, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her on the beach, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her in the water, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her on the beach, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her in the water, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her on the beach, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her in the water, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her on the beach, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her in the water, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her on the beach, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her in the water, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her on the beach, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her in the water, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her on the beach, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her in the water, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her on the beach, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her in the water, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her on the beach, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her in the water, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her on the beach, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her in the water, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her on the beach, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then takes a picture of her, and she continues to shave her legs. The man then joins her in the water, and she continues to shave her legs."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man and a woman engaging in a conversation while sitting on a couch. The woman then stands up and brushes her teeth, followed by a scene of a man shaving his legs in the shower. The video concludes with the man walking on the beach and the woman lying on a bed, with the man shaving her legs."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man and woman are seen sitting on a couch, engaging in a conversation."
2. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she removes her wig and shaves her legs.
3. The woman puts on a blonde wig and returns to the living room, where she continues her conversation with the man.
4. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she shaves her legs.
5. The woman puts on a blonde wig and returns to the living room, where she continues her conversation with the man.
6. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she shaves her legs.
7. The woman puts on a blonde wig and returns to the living room, where she continues her conversation with the man.
8. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she shaves her legs.
9. The woman puts on a blonde wig and returns to the living room, where she continues her conversation with the man.
10. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she shaves her legs.
11. The woman puts on a blonde wig and returns to the living room, where she continues her conversation with the man.
12. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she shaves her legs.
13. The woman puts on a blonde wig and returns to the living room, where she continues her conversation with the man.
14. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she shaves her legs.
15. The woman puts on a blonde wig and returns to the living room, where she continues her conversation with the man.
16. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she shaves her legs.
17. The woman puts on a blonde wig and returns to the living room, where she continues her conversation with the man.
18. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she shaves her legs.
19. The woman puts on a blonde wig and returns to the living room, where she continues her conversation with the man.
20. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she shaves her legs.
21. The woman puts on a blonde wig and returns to the living room, where she continues her conversation with the man.
22. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she shaves her legs.
23. The woman puts on a blonde wig and returns to the living room, where she continues her conversation with the man.
24. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she shaves her legs.
25. The woman puts on a blonde wig and returns to the living room, where she continues her conversation with the man.
26. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she shaves her legs.
27. The woman puts on a blonde wig and returns to the living room, where she continues her conversation with the man.
28. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she shaves her legs.
29. The woman puts on a blonde wig and returns to the living room, where she continues her conversation with the man.
30. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she shaves her legs.
31. The woman puts on a blonde wig and returns to the living room, where she continues her conversation with the man.
32. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she shaves her legs.
33. The woman puts on a blonde wig and returns to the living room, where she continues her conversation with the man.
34. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she shaves her legs.
35. The woman puts on a blonde wig and returns to the living room, where she continues her conversation with the man.
36. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she shaves her legs.
37. The woman puts on a blonde wig and returns to the living room, where she continues her conversation with the man.
38. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she shaves her legs.
39. The woman puts on a blonde wig and returns to the living room, where she continues her conversation with the man.
"40. The woman stands up and walks to the bathroom, where she"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person installing a wooden floor in a room. The person first measures the floor and cuts the wooden pieces to fit the room. Then, they nail the wooden pieces onto the floor and use a tool to smooth out the floor. Finally, they use a vacuum to clean the floor."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video showcases a person using a tool to cut a piece of wood. The person then measures the wood and cuts it again. Next, the person uses a tool to cut the wood once more. Finally, the person measures the wood once more and cuts it one last time."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a room with a wooden floor. The camera pans around the room, showing the wooden floor and the wooden floorboards. The camera then focuses on the wooden floorboards, and the man is seen measuring and cutting them. The camera then shows the wooden floorboards being placed on the wooden floor, and the man is seen putting them in place. The video ends with the man standing in front of the wooden floorboards."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily focuses on the process of installing a wooden floor. It begins with a close-up of the wooden floor, followed by a person using a tool to measure and cut the floor. The video then shows the installation process, including the measurement and cutting of the floor, and the installation of the floor itself. The video concludes with a final shot of the floor."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person using a tool to cut a piece of wood. The person then places the wood on the floor and measures it. Next, the person uses a tool to cut the wood again. Finally, the person places the wood on the floor and measures it once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a person using a tool to cut a piece of wood, followed by the person measuring the wood and cutting it again. The person then places the wood on the floor and measures it once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person who is shown kneeling down and placing a piece of paper on the floor. Next, the person uses a tool to cut the paper. After that, the person measures the paper and then cuts it with the tool. Finally, the person folds the paper and places it on the floor."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,""Certainly! The video begins with a close-up of a floor, followed by a person using a tool to measure the floor. The person then proceeds to lay down carpeting, which is shown from 22 to 71. The person then measures the carpet and cuts it to fit the floor, which takes place from 71 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video primarily focuses on the process of installing carpet tiles. The man is seen using a tool to cut the carpet tiles, and then he lays them out on the floor. He then uses a tool to measure the carpet tiles and cut them to fit the floor. The video also shows the man using a tool to cut the carpet tiles and lay them out on the floor."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The video begins with a close-up of a floor, followed by a person placing a square of wood on the floor."
2. The person then measures the wood and cuts it to fit the floor.
3. The person nails the wood into place, creating a level surface.
4. The person measures and cuts the wood again, ensuring a perfect fit.
5. The person nails the wood into place once more, securing it in place.
6. The person measures and cuts the wood one final time, ensuring a perfect fit.
7. The person nails the wood into place one last time, securing it in place.
"8. The person stands back to admire their work, showcasing the completed floor."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man preparing a meal in a kitchen. He first peels a potato and then cuts it into small pieces. He then proceeds to cut up a pepper and a tomato, and finally, he mixes the vegetables with pasta and sauce."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person preparing a meal. The first event is from 00 to 17, where the person is seen opening a bag of carrots. The second event is from 17 to 34, where the person peels the carrots and places them in a bowl. The third event is from 34 to 51, where the person cuts the carrots into small pieces and places them in a pan. The fourth event is from 51 to 68, where the person adds oil to the pan and cooks the carrots. The fifth event is from 68 to 99, where the person adds salt and pepper to the pan and serves the cooked carrots on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a man is seen preparing a meal. He first opens a can of peas and places them in a bowl. Next, he cuts up a potato and places it in a pan with oil. After cooking the potato, he adds the peas to the pan and mixes them together. Finally, he serves the meal on a table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the man preparing a meal. The main events occur from 00 to 17, where the man is seen in the kitchen, and from 17 to 33, where he is cutting up vegetables. The video then transitions to the man cooking the vegetables in a pan from 33 to 50. The final scene shows the man serving the meal on a table from 50 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a person preparing a meal. The events include:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a man who repeatedly peels a potato and places it in a bowl. He then proceeds to cut the potato into small pieces and mix them with other ingredients.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person who initially opens a refrigerator and retrieves a potato. They then proceed to peel the potato and cut it into small pieces. Next, the person adds the potato pieces to a pan and cooks them. Finally, they serve the cooked potatoes on a table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a person preparing a meal. The first event shows the person opening a can of peas and placing them in a bowl. The second event involves the person cutting up a potato and placing it in the bowl. The third event involves the person cutting up a tomato and placing it in the bowl. The fourth event shows the person placing the peas, potato, and tomato in a pan and cooking them. The fifth event involves the person pouring the cooked vegetables onto a plate and serving them."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man opens the refrigerator and takes out a potato."
2. He peels the potato and cuts it into small pieces.
3. The man puts the potato pieces into a pan and adds oil.
4. He adds salt and pepper to the pan and stirs the potato.
"5. The man pours the potato mixture into a plate and serves it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a meal by opening a container of food, pouring it into a bowl, and then washing their hands. They then proceed to mix the food with a spoon and place it on a table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person placing a box on a table, followed by the person opening the box and placing the contents on the table. The person then proceeds to mix the contents in a bowl and place it on the table. Finally, the person picks up the bowl and places it on the table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is seen placing a plate on a table. Later, a person is seen pouring water into a sink."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the man engaging in various activities. The first scene shows the man standing in the kitchen, while the second scene depicts him sitting at the kitchen table. The third scene features the man standing in the kitchen, and the fourth scene shows him sitting at the kitchen table. The fifth scene shows the man standing in the kitchen, and the sixth scene portrays him sitting at the kitchen table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person placing a box on a table, followed by the person opening the box and placing the contents on the table. The person then proceeds to mix the contents in a bowl, and finally, they place the contents on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The repeated events in the video involve the man opening a container, pouring its contents into a bowl, and then placing the lid back on the container. This sequence is repeated multiple times."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person who initially opens a refrigerator and retrieves a box of cereal. They then proceed to pour the cereal into a bowl. Next, the person adds milk to the bowl and mixes it thoroughly. Finally, they place the bowl on a table and proceed to eat the cereal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a person placing a box on a table, followed by the person opening the box and placing the contents on a table. The person then proceeds to mix the contents in a bowl and place it on the table. Finally, the person picks up the bowl and places it on the table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera zooms in on a table, revealing a plate with a sandwich."
2. A person's hand is seen opening a bag of cookies.
3. The person places the cookies on the table.
4. The person picks up a glass of water and pours it into the sink.
5. The person then picks up a sponge and wipes down the table.
6. The person picks up a napkin and places it on the table.
7. The person picks up a knife and cuts the sandwich in half.
8. The person picks up a fork and eats the sandwich.
"9. The person picks up a napkin and places it in the trash."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Here's a list of the key events in the video, ordered chronologically:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a man cleaning a kitchen sink using a sponge and a bottle of detergent. He first cleans the sink with the sponge and then pours the detergent into the sink. He then scrubs the sink with the sponge and rinses it with water.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person who initially sits down at a table. From 00 to 17, the person is seen sitting down. Next, the person picks up a sponge and detergent from the table. From 17 to 34, the person is shown picking up the sponge and detergent. The person then proceeds to wash a glass, which takes place from 34 to 51. Finally, the person dries the glass with a towel, which occurs from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a man is seen sitting at a table. He proceeds to clean a glass with a sponge and dish soap, rinsing it off with water. Afterward, he places the glass on a table and continues to clean the sink with a sponge and dish soap."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the man performing various tasks such as washing dishes, cleaning the counter, and pouring water. The video also shows a living room with a table and chairs, where the man is seen washing dishes and drinking water. The video ends with the man standing in the kitchen, looking at the camera."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person performing various tasks. From 00 to 17, the person is seen sitting at a table, holding a bag of food. From 17 to 34, the person is shown washing their hands. From 34 to 51, the person is seen washing a glass with soap and water. From 51 to 68, the person is shown pouring the liquid from the glass into a bottle. From 68 to 99, the person is seen pouring the liquid from the bottle into a glass."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a man performing a series of actions. He first places a napkin on a table, then picks up a bottle of dish soap, and finally, he pours the dish soap into a sink."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person who initially sits down at a table. Subsequently, they pick up a white cloth and place it on the table. The person then proceeds to wash a glass with soap and water, followed by drying it with a towel. Finally, the person sets the glass down on the table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man who sits down at a table and begins to clean a glass. He first wipes it with a white cloth and then proceeds to wash it with a sponge. Afterward, he rinses the glass with a bottle of water and dries it with a paper towel."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. A person is seen sitting at a table, with a white plate and a glass of water in front of them."
2. The person picks up a sponge and begins to clean the sink.
3. The person continues to clean the sink, using the sponge to scrub the surface.
4. The person then picks up a bottle of dish soap and pours it into the sink.
5. The person continues to clean the sink, using the sponge and the dish soap to remove any dirt or grime.
6. The person then picks up a glass and pours water into it.
7. The person continues to clean the sink, ensuring that it is thoroughly cleaned and free of any residue.
"8. The person then picks up the glass and takes a sip of water."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a man washing dishes in a kitchen. He first puts detergent in a bowl and then adds water to it. He then puts the dishes in the sink and washes them thoroughly. After that, he dries the dishes with a towel and puts them away."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a person washing dishes in a kitchen. The sequence of events includes:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a man is seen washing dishes. He first pours detergent into a sink, then adds water and begins scrubbing the dishes. He continues to wash the dishes and eventually dries them with a towel."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the man performing various tasks such as washing dishes, drying them, and placing them in a container. The video also shows a person walking in the kitchen and a person placing a green plate on a table. The video spans from 00 to 17, where the man is washing dishes, to 17 to 71, where he dries the dishes and places them in a container. The video then shows a person walking in the kitchen from 71 to 88, and a person placing a green plate on a table from 88 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person washing dishes in a kitchen. The person first adds detergent to a sink, then adds water and begins washing the dishes. The person continues washing the dishes and eventually dries them with a towel."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The repeated events in the video are the man washing dishes and placing them in the sink. He also puts a green plate in the oven and takes it out.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,Certainly! The video features a person washing dishes in a kitchen. The sequence of events includes:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! The video features a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink. The sequence of events can be broken down as follows:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a man washing dishes in a kitchen. He first adds detergent to the sink, then proceeds to wash the dishes. After completing the dishwashing process, he dries the dishes and places them in the rack."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man pours dish soap into a sink."
2. He adds water and begins washing dishes.
3. He rinses the dishes and places them in the sink.
4. He dries the dishes with a towel.
"5. He places the dishes on a table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a sandwich. They first place butter and jam on bread, then add cheese and a banana. The person then cuts the sandwich in half and serves it on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of events, including:"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is seen preparing a sandwich. The person first opens a refrigerator and takes out a jar of jam, which they then place on a table. Next, the person retrieves a loaf of bread from the refrigerator and places it on the table. The person then proceeds to spread the jam on the bread and cut it in half. Finally, the person places the sandwich on a plate and takes a bite."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17, 17 and 34, 34 and 51, and 51 and 68. The video also shows a person washing dishes in the sink, which takes place between 68 and 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a person preparing a sandwich. The events include:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a series of actions involving a person preparing a sandwich. These actions include:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person who initially opens a refrigerator and retrieves a bottle of water. They then proceed to place the bottle on a counter. Next, the person retrieves a sandwich from a bag and places it on a plate. Finally, the person adds a slice of orange to the sandwich and places it on the counter."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a person preparing a sandwich. The person first adds butter to a slice of bread, followed by the addition of jam and a second slice of bread. The person then cuts the sandwich in half and places it on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The woman opens a box of cereal and places it on the counter."
2. She pours milk into a bowl and adds cereal, then mixes the ingredients together.
3. The woman adds butter to the mixture and mixes it once more.
4. She places the bowl on the counter and begins to clean the sink.
5. The woman washes the bowl and the spoon, then places them in the sink.
"6. She turns off the stove and the camera zooms in on the cereal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, ordered chronologically:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person using a coffee maker to make coffee. They first place the coffee in the machine, then add water and sugar. The person then presses the button to start the machine, and the coffee is made. The video also shows a person washing a cup and a plate in the sink."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person placing a box on a table, followed by the person opening a refrigerator and placing a carton inside. The person then retrieves a sponge and places it in a sink. Next, the person fills a cup with coffee and places it on a table. Finally, the person cleans the coffee maker."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is seen placing a box of cereal on a counter. The person then proceeds to open the box and pours the contents into a bowl. Next, the person adds milk to the bowl and mixes it thoroughly. Finally, the person takes a spoonful of the cereal and places it in their mouth."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17, 17 and 34, and 34 and 51. The video also features a brief glimpse of a living room from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person placing a box on a table, followed by the person opening a refrigerator and placing a carton inside. The person then retrieves a bottle of cream and pours it into a cup. Lastly, the person adds sugar to the cup and places it on the table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a person repeatedly opening a container and placing it on a table.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person placing a box on a table, followed by the person opening a refrigerator. Next, the person retrieves a carton of orange juice and places it on the table. Finally, the person pours the orange juice into a cup and drinks it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a person placing a box on a table, followed by the person opening a refrigerator and placing a carton inside. The person then retrieves a sponge and places it in a sink, followed by the addition of a cup of coffee. Finally, the person pours the coffee into a cup and places it on the table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera zooms in on a coffee maker."
2. The person opens the refrigerator and retrieves an item.
3. The person pours water into the coffee maker.
4. The person adds coffee to the coffee maker.
5. The person adds sugar to the coffee maker.
6. The person adds milk to the coffee maker.
7. The person presses a button on the coffee maker.
"8. The person pours the coffee into a cup."",0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Here's a list of the key events in the video, ordered chronologically:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a person preparing a meal by cutting up vegetables and mixing them with other ingredients. They then cook the mixture in a pan and serve it on a plate.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person preparing a meal. The first event is the person placing a knife on a cutting board, followed by the addition of a potato to the cutting board. The person then proceeds to cut the potato into small pieces. Next, the person adds a tomato to the cutting board and proceeds to cut it into small pieces as well. Finally, the person mixes the potato and tomato together in a bowl."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is seen washing their hands at the sink. They then proceed to chop up vegetables on a cutting board, which are later added to a pan on the stove. The person mixes the vegetables with meat and sauce, and finally, they serve the dish on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17, 17 and 33, 33 and 50, and 50 and 67. The video also features a brief glimpse of a bathroom sink from 67 to 83."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a person preparing a meal. The events include:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a person repeatedly washing their hands in a sink.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,Certainly! The video features a person preparing a meal. The sequence of events includes:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video features a person preparing a meal by cutting up vegetables and mixing them with seasonings. The person then adds the vegetables to a pan and cooks them. The video concludes with the person serving the meal on a plate.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The person places a knife on a cutting board."
2. The person peels a potato and cuts it into small pieces.
3. The person adds the potato pieces to a bowl.
4. The person adds a spoonful of seasoning to the bowl.
5. The person mixes the potato pieces and seasoning together.
6. The person adds a spoonful of mayonnaise to the bowl.
7. The person mixes the potato mixture and mayonnaise together.
8. The person adds the potato mixture to a pan and cooks it.
"9. The person serves the cooked potato mixture on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Here's a list of the key events in the video, ordered chronologically:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a woman preparing a meal in a kitchen. She is seen standing in front of a stove, stirring a pot of food, and then placing it on a table. She then proceeds to cut up a piece of meat and place it in a pan on the stove. The video ends with the woman placing the pan on the table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person preparing a meal. The first event occurs from 00 to 17, where the person is seen standing in front of a sink. The second event takes place from 17 to 33, where the person is shown stirring a pot. The third event occurs from 33 to 50, where the person is seen stirring the pot with a spoon. The fourth event occurs from 50 to 67, where the person is shown stirring the pot with a spoon. The fifth event takes place from 67 to 83, where the person is seen stirring the pot with a spoon. Finally, the sixth event occurs from 83 to 99, where the person is shown stirring the pot with a spoon."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a woman is seen preparing a meal. She is shown standing in front of a stove, stirring a pot of food. The camera then pans to the left, revealing a sink with a spoon resting on it. The woman continues to cook, and the camera pans back to her, capturing her in the act of stirring."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the woman preparing a meal. The temporal context spans from 00 to 17, where the woman is seen in the kitchen, to 17 to 80, where she is shown cooking the food. The spatial context is further emphasized from 80 to 99, where the woman is shown cleaning up the kitchen after finishing the meal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a person preparing a meal. The events include:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The repeated events in the video are the woman stirring the pot and adding ingredients to it. She stirs the pot again from 22 to 70 and adds more ingredients from 66 to 99.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,Certainly! The video features a person preparing a meal. The sequence of events includes:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a person preparing a meal. The person first adds seasoning to a pan, then adds noodles and sauce. Next, they mix the ingredients together and serve the meal on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera pans to the kitchen, revealing a person preparing food."
2. The person adds seasoning to a pan, then proceeds to mix the ingredients.
3. The person adds the mixed ingredients to a bowl and mixes them further.
4. The person then adds the contents of the bowl to a pan and stirs the mixture.
"5. The person serves the food on a plate and places it on the table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink. They first put detergent in the sink, then add food and wash it with a sponge. Finally, they rinse the dishes and put them in the dishwasher."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink. The sequence of events includes:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is seen washing dishes. The person is seen washing a plate, a glass, and a fork in the sink. The person then proceeds to wash a knife and a spoon in the sink. The person then washes a bowl and a glass in the sink. Finally, the person washes a plate and a glass in the sink."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the man performing various tasks such as washing dishes, putting them in the sink, and drying them with a towel. The time frame of the video spans from 00 to 17, where the man is seen washing dishes, to 17 to 77, where he puts the dishes in the sink and dries them with a towel. The video concludes with the man placing the dishes in the sink from 77 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink. The person first adds detergent to the sink, then adds food to the dishes and begins washing them. The person continues washing the dishes, and finally, the person turns off the faucet."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a person repeatedly washing dishes in a sink.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,Certainly! The video features a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink. The sequence of events includes:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink. The person first adds detergent to the sink, then adds food to the dishes and begins washing them. The person continues washing the dishes, and finally, the person turns off the faucet."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The person picks up a container of food from the counter."
2. The person places the food on a plate and sits down.
3. The person washes their hands in the sink.
4. The person dries their hands on a towel.
5. The person picks up a sponge and begins washing the dishes.
6. The person continues washing the dishes.
"7. The person finishes washing the dishes and places them in the sink."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a cake in a kitchen. They first put butter and sugar in a bowl and mix them together. Then, they add eggs and mix the ingredients again. Next, they add flour and baking powder to the mixture and mix it once more. Finally, they pour the mixture into a pan and bake it in the oven."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a series of events, including:"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is seen preparing a dish. The person first opens a refrigerator and retrieves a block of butter, which they then place on a counter. Next, the person takes out a knife and spreads the butter on a plate. After that, the person adds lemon juice to the butter and mixes it together. Finally, the person places the butter and lemon mixture into a pot and stirs it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17, 17 and 34, and 34 and 51. The video also features a brief glimpse of a bathroom from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person preparing a dish. The person first opens a refrigerator and retrieves a container of butter. They then proceed to cut the butter into smaller pieces and place it on a plate. Next, the person adds lemon juice to the butter and mixes it thoroughly. Finally, the person places the butter mixture into a pot and turns on the stove."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The repeated events in the video involve the person cutting up a cake and placing the pieces on a plate.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person who initially opens a refrigerator and retrieves a container of butter. They then proceed to cut the butter into smaller pieces using a butter knife. Next, the person mixes the butter with lemon juice and places the mixture into a bowl. Subsequently, they add the mixture to a pan and cook it on the stove. Finally, the person removes the pan from the stove and places it on a counter."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a person preparing a cake. The key events include the person opening the oven, placing the cake in the oven, and then removing the cake from the oven."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The person opens the oven and retrieves a cake."
2. The person places the cake on a table and proceeds to cut it into smaller pieces.
3. The person mixes the ingredients together in a bowl.
4. The person places the mixture into a pan and places it in the oven.
5. The person removes the pan from the oven and pours the mixture into a bowl.
6. The person mixes the ingredients together in a bowl.
7. The person places the mixture into a pan and places it in the oven.
"8. The person removes the pan from the oven and pours the mixture into a bowl."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a person preparing a dish by mixing ingredients in a bowl and then placing it in an oven. The person then retrieves the dish from the oven and adds butter to the dish before placing it back in the oven.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video showcases a series of events from 00 to 17, where a person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl. From 17 to 34, the person adds eggs to the bowl and mixes them thoroughly. Next, from 34 to 51, the person pours the mixture into a pan and places it in the oven. Finally, from 51 to 99, the person removes the pan from the oven and adds butter to the mixture."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is seen preparing a meal. The person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl, and then placing the bowl in the oven. After the oven is opened, the person retrieves the bowl and mixes the ingredients together. The person then pours the mixture into a pan and places it back in the oven. The video ends with the person taking the pan out of the oven and placing it on a table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17, 17 and 34, and 34 and 51. The video also features a brief glimpse of a bathroom sink from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person preparing a dish. The person first mixes ingredients in a bowl, then adds them to a pan on the stove. Next, the person mixes the contents of the pan with a spatula and places the pan in the oven. Finally, the person removes the pan from the oven and adds butter to the dish."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The repeated events in the video involve the person mixing ingredients in a bowl, placing the bowl in the oven, and then retrieving it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person preparing a dish. The person first mixes ingredients in a bowl, then adds them to a pan on the stove. Next, the person pours the mixture into a glass and places it in the oven. Finally, the person removes the glass from the oven and adds butter to the pan."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video features a person preparing a dish by mixing ingredients in a bowl. They then place the bowl in the oven and retrieve it once it's done. The person then proceeds to mix the ingredients together and finally serves the dish on a plate.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The person mixes ingredients in a bowl."
2. The person pours the mixture into a pan.
3. The person places the pan in the oven.
4. The person removes the pan from the oven.
5. The person pours the mixture into a bowl.
6. The person mixes the ingredients in the bowl.
7. The person pours the mixture into a pan.
8. The person places the pan in the oven.
9. The person removes the pan from the oven.
"10. The person pours the mixture into a bowl."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person cleaning a kitchen sink. They first remove the dishes from the sink and then clean the sink with a sponge. After that, they put the dishes back in the sink and turn on the oven."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person opening a refrigerator from 49 to 65. Next, the person retrieves a container from the refrigerator and places it on the counter from 65 to 81. Finally, the person removes the lid from the container and places it on the counter from 81 to 97."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where we see a person opening a refrigerator and taking out a container of food. The person then proceeds to place the food on a plate and place it in the microwave. After the food is cooked, the person removes it from the microwave and places it on a table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17, 17 and 34, and 34 and 51. The video also features a brief glimpse of a refrigerator from 51 to 70."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person opening a refrigerator, taking out a container, and placing it on a counter. The person then proceeds to open the oven and place the container inside."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,The video features a person opening a refrigerator and taking out a container. The person then proceeds to place the container on a counter.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person opening a refrigerator, followed by a person placing a plate on the counter. The person then retrieves a container from the refrigerator and places it on the counter. Finally, the person opens the refrigerator again and places the container inside."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a person opening a refrigerator, taking out a container, and placing it on a counter. The person then proceeds to open the oven and place the container inside."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The camera pans to the left, revealing a person in a white shirt."
2. The person in the white shirt opens the refrigerator.
3. The person takes out a container of food and places it on the counter.
4. The person in the white shirt puts the container of food in the microwave.
5. The person in the white shirt opens the microwave and retrieves the food.
"6. The person in the white shirt places the food on a plate and eats it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Here's a list of the key events in the video, ordered chronologically:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a meal in a kitchen. They start by washing their hands and then proceed to mix ingredients in a bowl. They then place the bowl on a stove and cook the food. Finally, they serve the food on a plate and wash their hands again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person preparing a meal. The first event is the person opening a can of food, which takes place from 00 to 17. The person then proceeds to mix the contents of the can with other ingredients, which occurs from 17 to 33. Next, the person adds the mixture to a pan and cooks it, which takes place from 33 to 50. Finally, the person serves the cooked food on a plate, which occurs from 50 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is seen washing dishes in a sink. The person then proceeds to mix ingredients in a bowl, which is followed by the addition of eggs and the mixing of the ingredients together. The person then proceeds to place the mixture into a pan and cooks it on the stove. Finally, the person is seen washing their hands and placing the pan on the stove to cook further."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17, 17 and 34, 34 and 51, and 51 and 68. The video also features a brief glimpse of a bathroom sink from 68 to 85."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a person preparing a meal. The events include:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The repeated events in the video involve the woman washing dishes in the sink, adding ingredients to a bowl, and mixing them together."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,Certainly! The video features a person preparing a meal. The sequence of events includes:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a person preparing a meal. The first event shows the person opening a can of food and placing it on a counter. The second event involves the person pouring the contents of the can into a bowl. The third event depicts the person adding ingredients to the bowl, followed by the fourth event, where they mix the ingredients together. The fifth event shows the person placing the bowl on the counter. Finally, the sixth event portrays the person washing their hands."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The woman pours detergent into a sink."
2. She adds water and mixes the ingredients.
3. She adds eggs and mixes them with the detergent.
4. She pours the mixture into a pan and mixes it.
5. She adds more water and mixes the ingredients.
6. She pours the mixture into a bowl and mixes it.
7. She pours the mixture into a pan and mixes it.
8. She pours the mixture into a bowl and mixes it.
9. She pours the mixture into a pan and mixes it.
"10. She pours the mixture into a bowl and mixes it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Here's a list of the key events in the video, ordered chronologically:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,The video shows a person preparing a dish by mixing ingredients in a bowl and placing it in the oven. They then take the dish out of the oven and place it on a table.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person preparing a dish. The first event is from 00 to 17, where the person is seen placing a dish on a counter. The second event is from 17 to 34, where the person mixes ingredients in a bowl. The third event is from 34 to 51, where the person adds more ingredients to the bowl. The fourth event is from 51 to 68, where the person mixes the ingredients together. The fifth event is from 68 to 99, where the person places the dish in the oven."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is seen preparing a dish. The person first places a dish in the sink and then proceeds to mix ingredients on a counter. Next, the person puts the dish in the oven and retrieves it once it's finished cooking. Finally, the person plates the dish and serves it on a table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17, 17 and 34, 34 and 51, and 51 and 68. The video also features a brief glimpse of a bathroom sink from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person preparing a dish. The person first adds ingredients to a bowl and mixes them together. Next, they place the bowl in the oven and close the door. Afterward, the person retrieves the dish from the oven and places it on a table. Finally, they cut the dish into pieces and serve it on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The repeated events in the video involve the woman using a spatula to mix ingredients in a bowl, placing the bowl on a counter, and then placing the bowl in the oven."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person preparing a dish. They first place a dish on a counter and then proceed to mix ingredients in a bowl. Next, they place the dish in the oven and subsequently remove it. Finally, they place the dish on a table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video features a person preparing a dish by mixing ingredients in a bowl. They then place the bowl in the oven and retrieve it once it's ready. The person proceeds to cut the dish into pieces and serve it on a plate.,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The person places a white plate on a counter."
2. The person mixes ingredients in a bowl.
3. The person places the bowl on the counter.
4. The person puts the ingredients on the plate.
5. The person puts the plate in the oven.
6. The person removes the plate from the oven.
"7. The person puts the plate on the counter."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a meal by boiling vegetables and mixing them with other ingredients. They then add the mixture to a pan and cook it. Finally, they serve the dish on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person preparing a meal. The first event is the person adding cheese to the dish from 00 to 17. The second event involves the person adding broccoli to the dish from 17 to 34. The third event involves the person adding chicken to the dish from 34 to 51. The fourth event involves the person adding cheese to the dish again from 51 to 68. Finally, the person mixes the ingredients together from 68 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is preparing a meal. The person is seen cutting up food and placing it on a plate. They then add seasoning and mix the food together. The person then puts the food in the oven and retrieves it later to serve."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17, 17 and 34, 34 and 51, and 51 and 68. The video also features a brief glimpse of a bathroom sink from 68 to 85."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a person preparing a meal. The events include:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The repeated events in the video involve the woman preparing a meal. She first adds ingredients to a pan, then mixes them together, and finally, she adds the food to a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,Certainly! The video features a person preparing a meal. The sequence of events includes:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a person preparing a meal. The person first adds ingredients to a pan, then mixes them with a spoon. Next, the person adds a lid to the pan and mixes the contents with a spoon. Finally, the person removes the lid and mixes the contents with a spoon once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The woman adds cheese to the pan."
2. She mixes the ingredients together.
3. The woman adds the vegetables to the pan.
4. She mixes the vegetables and cheese together.
5. The woman adds the noodles to the pan.
6. She mixes the noodles and vegetables together.
7. The woman adds the sauce to the pan.
8. She mixes the sauce and vegetables together.
"9. The woman serves the dish on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Certainly! Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a meal in a kitchen. They start by boiling water and then mix ingredients in a pot. Next, they add the pot to a microwave and cook the food. Finally, they transfer the food to a plate and serve it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,Certainly! The video features a person preparing a meal. The first event is the person opening a drawer and placing a pot inside it. The second event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The third event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The fourth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The fifth event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The sixth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The seventh event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The eighth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The ninth event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The tenth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The eleventh event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The twelfth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The thirteenth event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The fourteenth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The fifteenth event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The sixteenth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The seventeenth event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The eighteenth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The nineteenth event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The twentieth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The twenty-first event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The twenty-second event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The twenty-third event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The twenty-fourth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The twenty-fifth event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The twenty-sixth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The twenty-seventh event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The twenty-eighth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The twenty-ninth event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The thirtieth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The thirty-first event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The thirty-second event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The thirty-third event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The thirty-fourth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The thirty-fifth event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The thirty-sixth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The thirty-seventh event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The thirty-eighth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The thirty-ninth event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The fortieth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The forty-first event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The forty-second event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The forty-third event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The forty-fourth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The forty-fifth event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The forty-sixth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The forty-seventh event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The forty-eighth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The forty-ninth event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The fiftieth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The fifty-first event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The fifty-second event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The fifty-third event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The fifty-fourth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The fifty-fifth event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The fifty-sixth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The fifty-seventh event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The fifty-eighth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The fifty-ninth event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The sixtieth event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The sixty-first event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The sixty-second event involves the person placing a bowl on the counter. The sixty-third event involves the person placing a pot on the counter. The sixty-fourth event involves the person placing a bowl on,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is seen preparing a meal. The person is seen using a pot to boil water, and then proceeds to mix ingredients into a bowl. The person then adds the mixture to a pan and cooks it. The video ends with the person taking the pan out of the stove and placing it on a table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the woman preparing a meal. The events unfold over a period from 00 to 17, where the woman is seen washing dishes in the kitchen. The main action occurs from 17 to 99, where the woman is shown preparing the meal by mixing ingredients, cooking the food, and finally, serving it on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a person preparing a meal. The events include:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The repeated events in the video involve the woman using a potato peeler to peel potatoes. She first peels a potato from 00 to 17, then peels another potato from 17 to 34. Finally, she peels a third potato from 34 to 51."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,Certainly! The video features a person preparing a meal. The sequence of events includes:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a person preparing a meal. The person first adds butter to a pan and then adds an egg. Next, they add cheese to the pan and mix it with the egg. Finally, the person adds the egg mixture to a bowl and mixes it with the cheese."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The person places a pot on the stove."
2. The person adds butter to the pot.
3. The person mixes the pot with a spatula.
4. The person adds cheese to the pot.
5. The person mixes the pot with a spatula again.
"6. The person adds the pot to a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Here's a list of the key events in the video, ordered chronologically:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a meal in a kitchen. They first open a bag of chips and place them on a plate. Next, they pour a bag of popcorn into a bowl and place it on the table. Finally, they add a bag of chips to the bowl and mix everything together."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person placing a bag on a counter, followed by the person opening the bag and pouring its contents into a bowl. The person then adds a bag of chips to the bowl and mixes the contents. Finally, the person places the bowl on the counter."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is seen washing their hands. The person then proceeds to prepare a snack by opening a bag of chips and placing them in a bowl. The person then adds a bag of popcorn to the bowl and mixes it together. Finally, the person takes a drink from a bottle and adds it to the bowl."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the man performing various tasks such as opening a bag of chips, pouring the contents into a bowl, and placing the bag on the counter. The video also shows a microwave and a sink, but the main focus is on the kitchen environment. The time frame of the video is not explicitly mentioned, but it appears to be a continuous sequence of events taking place in the kitchen."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person who initially opens a bag of chips. Subsequently, they pour the contents of the bag into a bowl. The person then adds a liquid to the bowl, followed by the addition of a bag of popcorn. Finally, the person mixes the contents of the bowl with a spoon."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The repeated events in the video are the man opening a bag of chips, pouring the contents into a bowl, and then placing the bag on the counter."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person who initially opens a bag of chips. Subsequently, they pour the contents of the bag into a bowl. The person then adds a liquid to the bowl, followed by the addition of a bag of popcorn. Finally, the person mixes the contents of the bowl with a spoon."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a person placing a bag of chips on a table, followed by the person opening the bag and pouring the contents into a bowl. The person then adds a bottle of salsa to the bowl and mixes the contents. Finally, the person takes a handful of chips and places them on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man opens a bag of chips and places them on a plate."
2. He pours a liquid into a bowl and mixes it with the chips.
3. The man adds a bag of popcorn to the bowl and mixes it with the chips.
4. He pours the mixture into a bowl and adds a bag of pretzels.
5. The man mixes the pretzels with the chips and popcorn.
6. He pours the mixture into a bowl and adds a bag of cheese puffs.
7. The man mixes the cheese puffs with the chips and pretzels.
8. He pours the mixture into a bowl and adds a bag of peanuts.
9. The man mixes the peanuts with the chips, pretzels, and cheese puffs.
10. The man pours the mixture into a bowl and adds a bag of chocolate chips.
"11. The man mixes the chocolate chips with the rest of the ingredients."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Here's a list of the key events in the video, ordered chronologically:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a cup of tea. They first boil water in a kettle and then pour it into a cup. They add tea bags to the cup and stir it with a spoon. Finally, they add milk to the cup and stir it again."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person performing various actions. From 00 to 17, the person is seen pouring something into a cup. From 17 to 34, the person places a plate on the counter. From 34 to 51, the person places a cookie on the plate. From 51 to 68, the person picks up the plate and places it on the counter. Finally, from 68 to 99, the person picks up the plate and places it on the counter once more."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is seen washing a cup and plate. The person then proceeds to place the cup and plate on a table. Later, the person is seen pouring coffee into a cup and placing it on the table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the man performing various tasks. The first scene shows the man pouring water into a cup, followed by him placing a cup on a table. The second scene features the man placing a plate on a table, and the third scene shows the man placing a cup on a table. The fourth scene shows the man placing a plate on a table, and the fifth scene shows the man placing a cup on a table. The sixth scene shows the man placing a plate on a table, and the seventh scene shows the man placing a cup on a table. The final scene shows the man placing a plate on a table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person performing various tasks. From 00 to 17, the person is seen pouring water into a cup. From 17 to 34, the person adds sugar to the cup. From 34 to 51, the person places the cup on a table. From 51 to 68, the person picks up the cup and places it on the table. From 68 to 85, the person adds a cookie to the cup. Finally, from 85 to 99, the person picks up the cup and places it on the table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The video features a person repeatedly pouring coffee into a cup. The first instance occurs from 00 to 21, while the second instance takes place from 21 to 42. The third instance of pouring coffee is shown from 42 to 63."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person who initially pours a cup of coffee into a pot. Subsequently, the person adds a spoonful of sugar to the coffee. The person then proceeds to place the cup on a table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a person placing a cup on a table, followed by the person placing a plate on the table. The person then adds a cookie to the plate and places the plate on the table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The person pours coffee into a cup."
2. The person adds sugar to the cup.
3. The person places the cup on a table.
4. The person picks up the cup and places it on a table.
5. The person adds cream to the cup.
"6. The person picks up the cup and places it on a table."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Here's a list of the key events in the video, presented in chronological order:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a meal in a kitchen. They first boil water and then add noodles to it. Next, they add vegetables and seasonings to the pot and stir everything together. Finally, they serve the meal on a plate and eat it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person preparing a meal. The first event is the person opening a can of food, which takes place from 00 to 17. The person then adds the contents of the can to a pan, which occurs from 17 to 34. Next, the person mixes the contents of the can with other ingredients, which takes place from 34 to 51. Finally, the person serves the meal on a plate, which occurs from 51 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is seen preparing a meal. The person is seen pouring ingredients into a pot, stirring the contents, and then placing the pot on the stove. The person then proceeds to wash their hands and continues to cook the meal."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the man preparing a meal. The temporal context spans from 00 to 17, where the man is seen pouring ingredients into a pot, to 17 to 79, where he mixes the ingredients and cooks them in a pan. Finally, from 79 to 99, the man cleans the pot and the pan, and the video concludes with the man placing the pot and the pan on the counter."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a person preparing a meal. The events include:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The repeated events in the video are the man pouring oil into a pan, adding vegetables, and stirring the mixture."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,Certainly! The video features a person preparing a meal. The sequence of events includes:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",""The video features a person preparing a meal. The first event shows the person pouring a bottle of oil into a pan. The second event involves the person adding a can of soup to the pan. The third event depicts the person stirring the contents of the pan. The fourth event shows the person adding a spoonful of sauce to the pan. Finally, the person picks up a spoon and places it in the sink."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man pours a bottle of oil into a pan."
2. He adds various ingredients to the pan, including vegetables and meat.
3. The man mixes the ingredients together.
4. He adds water to the pan and stirs the mixture.
"5. The man pours the mixture into a bowl and serves it."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Here's a list of the key events in the video, ordered chronologically:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Plain-text summary,Summarize the video.,""The video shows a person preparing a meal in a kitchen. They first place a bowl on the counter and then proceed to boil water in a pot. Next, they add ingredients to the pot and stir the mixture. Finally, they transfer the contents to a plate and place it on the counter."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video.,""The video features a person placing a bowl on a counter, followed by the addition of a spoon. The person then proceeds to place a bag of food on the counter. Finally, the person retrieves a spoon from the sink and mixes the contents of the bowl with the bag of food."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location.,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a man is seen washing dishes in a sink. He then proceeds to dry the dishes and place them in a container. The man then takes the container and places it on a shelf."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Spatio-Temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video.,""The video primarily takes place in a kitchen, with the man preparing food in a microwave oven. The events unfold over a period from 00 to 17, where the man is seen opening the microwave and placing food inside. The man then proceeds to microwave the food from 17 to 34. After the food is cooked, the man retrieves it from the microwave and places it on a plate from 34 to 51. Finally, the man adds the food to a container and places it in the refrigerator from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Saliency,Enumerate the salient events or actions occurring in the video.,The video features a person preparing a meal. The events include:,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Conciseness,Identify the repeated events or actions in the video.,""The repeated events in the video are the man opening the oven, taking out a container, and placing it on the counter."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Temporal order,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions happening in the video.,""Certainly! The video features a person who initially opens a cupboard and retrieves a container. They then proceed to place the container on a table. Next, the person removes a bag from the cupboard and places it on the table. Finally, the person retrieves a spoon from the cupboard and uses it to scoop food from the bag."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Temporal order + latency,Provide a sequence of salient events or actions in the video indicating the exact time range in which each event or action happens.,Certainly! Here's the requested sequence of events:,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness,""Highlight the most important events or actions in the video, ensuring that no redundant information is included."",The video features a person preparing a meal. The first event is the person opening a cupboard and placing a pot on the counter. The second event involves the person pouring a liquid into a bowl. The third event involves the person placing a lid on the pot. The fourth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The fifth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The sixth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The seventh event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The eighth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The ninth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The tenth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The eleventh event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The twelfth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The thirteenth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The fourteenth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The fifteenth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The sixteenth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The seventeenth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The eighteenth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The nineteenth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The twentieth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The twenty-first event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The twenty-second event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The twenty-third event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The twenty-fourth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The twenty-fifth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The twenty-sixth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The twenty-seventh event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The twenty-eighth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The twenty-ninth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The thirtieth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The thirty-first event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The thirty-second event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The thirty-third event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The thirty-fourth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The thirty-fifth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The thirty-sixth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The thirty-seventh event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The thirty-eighth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The thirty-ninth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The fortieth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The forty-first event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The forty-second event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The forty-third event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The forty-fourth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The forty-fifth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The forty-sixth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The forty-seventh event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The forty-eighth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The forty-ninth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The fiftieth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The fifty-first event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The fifty-second event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The fifty-third event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The fifty-fourth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The fifty-fifth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The fifty-sixth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The fifty-seventh event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The fifty-eighth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The fifty-ninth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The sixtieth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The sixty-first event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The sixty-second event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The sixty-third event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The sixty-fourth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The sixty-fifth event involves the person placing the lid on the pot. The sixty-sixth event involves the person placing the lid,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order,""Enumerate the key moments in the video in the order they occur, ensuring that the list is concise and free of redundant details."",""1. The man opens the oven and removes a dish."
2. He then takes a container of food from the oven.
3. The man places the food on a plate and adds a spoon.
4. He pours a liquid into a cup and adds the food to the plate.
"5. The man takes a bite of the food and smiles."",0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,0,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Saliency + Conciseness + Order + Latency,""Provide a timestamped, concise list of the key events or actions in the video, ensuring the sequence is in chronological order and free of redundant information."",""Here's a list of the key events in the video, ordered chronologically:"",1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:16>: The video begins with a close-up shot of a sandwich."
<00:16>-<00:32>: The camera zooms out to reveal a wider view of the sandwich.
<00:32>-<00:48>: The camera zooms in on the sandwich, focusing on its ingredients.
<00:48>-<01:00>: The camera zooms out again, providing a broader perspective of the sandwich.
<01:00>-<01:16>: The camera zooms in on the sandwich, emphasizing its texture and appearance.
<01:16>-<01:32>: The camera zooms out, offering a broader view of the sandwich.
<01:32>-<01:48>: The camera zooms in on the sandwich, highlighting its intricate details.
<01:48>-<02:00>: The camera zooms out, providing a broader view of the sandwich.
<02:00>-<02:16>: The camera zooms in on the sandwich, focusing on its mouthwatering appeal.
<02:16>-<02:32>: The camera zooms out, offering a broader perspective of the sandwich.
<02:32>-<02:48>: The camera zooms in on the sandwich, emphasizing its appetizing appearance.
<02:48>-<03:00>: The camera zooms out, providing a broader view of the sandwich.
<03:00>-<03:16>: The camera zooms in on the sandwich, highlighting its enticing texture.
<03:16>-<03:32>: The camera zooms out, offering a broader perspective of the sandwich.
<03:32>-<03:48>: The camera zooms in on the sandwich, focusing on its mouthwatering appeal.
<03:48>-<04:00>: The camera zooms out, providing a broader view of the sandwich.
<04:00>-<04:16>: The camera zooms in on the sandwich, emphasizing its appetizing appearance.
<04:16>-<04:32>: The camera zooms out, offering a broader perspective of the sandwich.
<04:32>-<04:48>: The camera zooms in on the sandwich, highlighting its enticing texture.
<04:48>-<05:00>: The camera zooms out, providing a broader view of the sandwich.
<05:00>-<05:16>: The camera zooms in on the sandwich, focusing on its mouthwatering appeal.
<05:16>-<05:32>: The camera zooms out, offering a broader perspective of the sandwich.
<05:32>-<05:48>: The camera zooms in on the sandwich, emphasizing its appetizing appearance.
<05:48>-<06:00>: The camera zooms out, providing a broader view of the sandwich.
<06:00>-<06:16>: The camera zooms in on the sandwich, highlighting its enticing texture.
<06:16>-<06:32>: The camera zooms out, offering a broader perspective of the sandwich.
<06:32>-<06:48>: The camera zooms in on the sandwich, focusing on its mouthwatering appeal.
<06:48>-<07:00>: The camera zooms out, providing a broader view of the sandwich.
<07:00>-<07:16>: The camera zooms in on the sandwich, emphasizing its appetizing appearance.
<07:16>-<07:32>: The camera zooms out, offering a broader perspective of the sandwich.
<07:32>-<07:48>: The camera zooms in on the sandwich, highlighting its enticing texture.
"<07:4"",0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a city, where we see a sandwich shop with a sign on the wall. The camera then pans to a man eating a sandwich on the street, followed by a pigeon eating a sandwich on the ground. The video then shows a man eating a sandwich on a bench, and a man eating a sandwich on the street. The video ends with a man eating a sandwich on a bench."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,37rzWOQsNIw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in San Francisco, California, and showcases various scenes of the city. The first scene features a sandwich shop, followed by a man eating a sandwich on the street. The next scene shows a pigeon eating a sandwich, followed by a man eating a sandwich on the street. The final scene shows a man eating a sandwich on the street."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:16>: The video begins with a woman walking down the street."
<00:16>-<00:32>: The woman enters a pet store and interacts with the dogs.
<00:32>-<00:48>: The woman is seen washing a dog in a sink.
<00:48>-<00:64>: The woman continues washing the dog and interacting with the man.
<00:64>-<00:80>: The woman is seen washing another dog in the sink.
<00:80>-<01:00>: The woman is seen washing a third dog in the sink.
<01:00>-<01:16>: The woman is seen washing a fourth dog in the sink.
<01:16>-<01:32>: The woman is seen washing a fifth dog in the sink.
<01:32>-<01:48>: The woman is seen washing a sixth dog in the sink.
<01:48>-<01:64>: The woman is seen washing a seventh dog in the sink.
<01:64>-<01:80>: The woman is seen washing an eighth dog in the sink.
<01:80>-<02:00>: The woman is seen washing a ninth dog in the sink.
<02:00>-<02:16>: The woman is seen washing a tenth dog in the sink.
<02:16>-<02:32>: The woman is seen washing a eleventh dog in the sink.
<02:32>-<02:48>: The woman is seen washing a twelfth dog in the sink.
<02:48>-<02:64>: The woman is seen washing a thirteenth dog in the sink.
<02:64>-<02:80>: The woman is seen washing a fourteenth dog in the sink.
<02:80>-<03:00>: The woman is seen washing a fifteenth dog in the sink.
<03:00>-<03:16>: The woman is seen washing a sixteenth dog in the sink.
<03:16>-<03:32>: The woman is seen washing a seventeenth dog in the sink.
<03:32>-<03:48>: The woman is seen washing a eighteenth dog in the sink.
<03:48>-<03:64>: The woman is seen washing a nineteenth dog in the sink.
<03:64>-<03:80>: The woman is seen washing a twentieth dog in the sink.
<03:80>-<04:00>: The woman is seen washing a twenty-first dog in the sink.
<04:00>-<04:16>: The woman is seen washing a twenty-second dog in the sink.
<04:16>-<04:32>: The woman is seen washing a twenty-third dog in the sink.
<04:32>-<04:48>: The woman is seen washing a twenty-fourth dog in the sink.
<04:48>-<04:64>: The woman is seen washing a twenty-fifth dog in the sink.
<04:64>-<04:80>: The woman is seen washing a twenty-sixth dog in the sink.
<04:80>-<05:00>: The woman is seen washing a twenty-seventh dog in the sink.
<05:00>-<05:16>: The woman is seen washing a twenty-eighth dog in the sink.
<05:16>-<05:32>: The woman is seen washing a twenty-ninth dog in the sink.
<05:32>-<05:48>: The woman is seen washing a thirtieth dog in the sink.
"<05:48>-<05:64>: The woman is seen washing a"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a city, where we see people walking down the street and a dog being walked by its owner. We also see a man grooming a dog in a grooming shop, and a woman walking a dog in a park. Additionally, we see a man and a woman walking down the street with their dogs, and a man walking a dog in a park."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,2,['park']"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,3eYKfiOEJNs.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in various locations, including a city street, a dog grooming shop, and a residential area. The main events involve a woman walking her dog, a man grooming a dog, and a woman interacting with a dog in a car."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:16>: A man is seen talking to the camera while standing outside."
<00:16>-<00:32>: The man is shown holding a tire and speaking to the camera.
<00:32>-<00:48>: The man removes the tire from the rim and places it on the ground.
<00:48>-<00:64>: The man uses a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
<00:64>-<00:80>: The man continues to remove the rubber from the tire.
<00:80>-<01:00>: The man removes the rubber from the tire and places it on the ground.
<01:00>-<01:16>: The man uses a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
<01:16>-<01:32>: The man continues to remove the rubber from the tire.
<01:32>-<01:48>: The man removes the rubber from the tire and places it on the ground.
<01:48>-<01:64>: The man uses a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
<01:64>-<01:80>: The man continues to remove the rubber from the tire.
<01:80>-<02:00>: The man removes the rubber from the tire and places it on the ground.
<02:00>-<02:16>: The man uses a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
<02:16>-<02:32>: The man continues to remove the rubber from the tire.
<02:32>-<02:48>: The man removes the rubber from the tire and places it on the ground.
<02:48>-<03:00>: The man uses a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
<03:00>-<03:16>: The man continues to remove the rubber from the tire.
<03:16>-<03:32>: The man removes the rubber from the tire and places it on the ground.
<03:32>-<03:48>: The man uses a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
<03:48>-<03:64>: The man continues to remove the rubber from the tire.
<03:64>-<04:00>: The man removes the rubber from the tire and places it on the ground.
<04:00>-<04:16>: The man uses a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
<04:16>-<04:32>: The man continues to remove the rubber from the tire.
<04:32>-<04:48>: The man removes the rubber from the tire and places it on the ground.
<04:48>-<05:00>: The man uses a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
<05:00>-<05:16>: The man continues to remove the rubber from the tire.
<05:16>-<05:32>: The man removes the rubber from the tire and places it on the ground.
<05:32>-<05:48>: The man uses a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
<05:48>-<05:64>: The man continues to remove the rubber from the tire.
<05:64>-<06:00>: The man removes the rubber from the tire and places it on the ground.
<06:00>-<06:16>: The man uses a tool to remove the rubber from the tire.
<06:16>-<06:32>: The man continues to remove the rubber from the tire.
<06:32>-<06:48>: The man removes the rubber from the tire and places it on the ground.
"<06:"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a garage, where a man is seen talking to the camera. He then proceeds to remove a tire from a car and places it on the ground. The man then proceeds to remove the rubber from the tire and screws it back onto the rim."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,AwmHb44_ouw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a garage, with the man standing in front of a tire. The events unfold as follows:"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:16>: A man is seen kneeling on the ground, presumably getting ready to perform a physical activity."
<00:16>-<00:32>: The man stands up and begins to jump up and down on a set of stairs.
<00:32>-<00:48>: The man jumps down from the stairs and walks away.
<00:48>-<01:00>: The man is seen kneeling on the ground again, possibly preparing for another physical activity.
<01:00>-<01:16>: The man stands up and begins to jump up and down on a set of stairs.
<01:16>-<01:32>: The man jumps down from the stairs and walks away.
<01:32>-<01:48>: The man is seen kneeling on the ground again, possibly preparing for another physical activity.
<01:48>-<02:00>: The man stands up and begins to jump up and down on a set of stairs.
<02:00>-<02:16>: The man jumps down from the stairs and walks away.
<02:16>-<02:32>: The man is seen kneeling on the ground again, possibly preparing for another physical activity.
<02:32>-<02:48>: The man stands up and begins to jump up and down on a set of stairs.
<02:48>-<03:00>: The man jumps down from the stairs and walks away.
<03:00>-<03:16>: The man is seen kneeling on the ground again, possibly preparing for another physical activity.
<03:16>-<03:32>: The man stands up and begins to jump up and down on a set of stairs.
<03:32>-<03:48>: The man jumps down from the stairs and walks away.
<03:48>-<04:00>: The man is seen kneeling on the ground again, possibly preparing for another physical activity.
<04:00>-<04:16>: The man stands up and begins to jump up and down on a set of stairs.
<04:16>-<04:32>: The man jumps down from the stairs and walks away.
<04:32>-<04:48>: The man is seen kneeling on the ground again, possibly preparing for another physical activity.
<04:48>-<05:00>: The man stands up and begins to jump up and down on a set of stairs.
<05:00>-<05:16>: The man jumps down from the stairs and walks away.
<05:16>-<05:32>: The man is seen kneeling on the ground again, possibly preparing for another physical activity.
<05:32>-<05:48>: The man stands up and begins to jump up and down on a set of stairs.
<05:48>-<06:00>: The man jumps down from the stairs and walks away.
<06:00>-<06:16>: The man is seen kneeling on the ground again, possibly preparing for another physical activity.
<06:16>-<06:32>: The man stands up and begins to jump up and down on a set of stairs.
<06:32>-<06:48>: The man jumps down from the stairs and walks away.
<06:48>-<07:00>: The man is seen kneeling on the ground again, possibly preparing for another physical activity.
<07:00>-<07:16>: The man stands up and begins to jump up and down on a set of stairs.
<07:16>-<07:32>: The man jumps down from the stairs and walks away.
"<07:32>-<07:48>: The man is seen kneeling on the ground again, possibly preparing for another physical activity"",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a park, where a group of men are engaged in various activities. The first event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts squatting down and then standing up. The second event features a man in a white shirt and black shorts jumping up and down on a set of stairs. The third event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping up and down on the stairs. The fourth event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping up and down on the stairs. The fifth event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping up and down on the stairs. The sixth event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping up and down on the stairs. The seventh event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping up and down on the stairs. The eighth event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping up and down on the stairs. The ninth event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping up and down on the stairs. The tenth event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping up and down on the stairs. The eleventh event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping up and down on the stairs. The twelfth event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping up and down on the stairs. The thirteenth event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping up and down on the stairs. The fourteenth event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping up and down on the stairs. The fifteenth event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping up and down on the stairs. The sixteenth event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping up and down on the stairs. The seventeenth event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping up and down on the stairs. The eighteenth event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping up and down on the stairs. The nineteenth event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping up and down on the stairs. The twentieth event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping up and down on the stairs. The twenty-first event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jumping up and down on the stairs. The twenty-second event shows a man in a white shirt and black shorts standing on a set of stairs, while another man in a white shirt and black shorts is seen jump"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['park']"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,b626MiF1ew4.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in various locations, including a park, a sidewalk, and a grassy field. The main events involve a man in a white shirt and black shorts performing push-ups on a sidewalk, a group of people playing rock-paper-scissors in a park, and a man in a white shirt and black shorts doing push-ups on a grassy field."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,2,['park']"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<02:00>: A woman is seen in a kitchen, speaking to the camera."
<02:00>-<04:00>: The woman is shown washing her face and brushing her teeth.
<04:00>-<06:00>: The woman is seen in a bathroom, brushing her dog's teeth.
<06:00>-<08:00>: The woman is shown in a kitchen, speaking to the camera.
<08:00>-<10:00>: The woman is seen in a bathroom, brushing her own teeth.
<10:00>-<12:00>: The woman is shown in a kitchen, speaking to the camera.
<12:00>-<14:00>: The woman is seen in a bathroom, brushing her dog's teeth.
<14:00>-<16:00>: The woman is shown in a kitchen, speaking to the camera.
<16:00>-<18:00>: The woman is seen in a bathroom, brushing her own teeth.
<18:00>-<20:00>: The woman is shown in a kitchen, speaking to the camera.
<20:00>-<22:00>: The woman is seen in a bathroom, brushing her dog's teeth.
<22:00>-<24:00>: The woman is shown in a kitchen, speaking to the camera.
<24:00>-<26:00>: The woman is seen in a bathroom, brushing her own teeth.
<26:00>-<28:00>: The woman is shown in a kitchen, speaking to the camera.
<28:00>-<30:00>: The woman is seen in a bathroom, brushing her dog's teeth.
<30:00>-<32:00>: The woman is shown in a kitchen, speaking to the camera.
<32:00>-<34:00>: The woman is seen in a bathroom, brushing her own teeth.
<34:00>-<36:00>: The woman is shown in a kitchen, speaking to the camera.
<36:00>-<38:00>: The woman is seen in a bathroom, brushing her dog's teeth.
<38:00>-<40:00>: The woman is shown in a kitchen, speaking to the camera.
<40:00>-<42:00>: The woman is seen in a bathroom, brushing her own teeth.
<42:00>-<44:00>: The woman is shown in a kitchen, speaking to the camera.
<44:00>-<46:00>: The woman is seen in a bathroom, brushing her dog's teeth.
<46:00>-<48:00>: The woman is shown in a kitchen, speaking to the camera.
<48:00>-<50:00>: The woman is seen in a bathroom, brushing her own teeth.
<50:00>-<52:00>: The woman is shown in a kitchen, speaking to the camera.
<52:00>-<54:00>: The woman is seen in a bathroom, brushing her dog's teeth.
<54:00>-<56:00>: The woman is shown in a kitchen, speaking to the camera.
<56:00>-<58:00>: The woman is seen in a bathroom, brushing her own teeth.
<58:00>-<60:00>: The woman is shown in a kitchen, speaking to the camera.
<60:00>-<62:00>: The woman is seen in a bathroom, brushing her dog's teeth.
<62:00>-<64:00>: The woman is shown in a kitchen, speaking to the camera.
<64:00>-<66:00>: The woman is seen in a bathroom, brushing her own teeth.
"<66:00>-<68:00>: The woman is"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding a bottle of shampoo. She then proceeds to wash a dog's face with the shampoo. The woman continues to speak to the camera while the dog is being washed."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,Bhxk-O1Y7Ho.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the woman speaking to the camera and showing various products. The woman then proceeds to wash a dog, and the camera captures her actions from 20 to 71. The woman then dries the dog with a towel from 71 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<01:00>: The video begins with a man in a red shirt standing in front of a group of people."
<01:00>-<03:00>: The man in the red shirt starts dancing, and the crowd follows suit.
<03:00>-<04:00>: The man in the red shirt continues dancing, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<04:00>-<05:00>: The man in the red shirt stops dancing, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<05:00>-<06:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<06:00>-<07:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<07:00>-<08:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<08:00>-<09:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<09:00>-<10:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<10:00>-<11:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<11:00>-<12:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<12:00>-<13:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<13:00>-<14:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<14:00>-<15:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<15:00>-<16:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<16:00>-<17:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<17:00>-<18:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<18:00>-<19:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<19:00>-<20:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<20:00>-<21:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<21:00>-<22:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<22:00>-<23:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<23:00>-<24:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<24:00>-<25:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<25:00>-<26:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<26:00>-<27:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<27:00>-<28:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
<28:00>-<29:00>: The man in the red shirt walks away, and the crowd continues to dance around him.
"<29:00>-<30:00>: The man in the"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a city square, where a group of people are gathered. They are seen dancing and celebrating, with some of them holding signs. The camera captures the lively atmosphere of the square, with people walking around and enjoying the festivities."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,byxOvuiIJV0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in various locations, including a beach, a city street, and a school. The main events involve a group of people playing cricket on the beach, a man dancing in the street, and a group of people dancing in a school."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:16>: A woman is seen speaking to the camera."
<00:16>-<00:32>: The woman is shown riding a bike.
<00:32>-<00:48>: The woman is seen speaking to the camera again.
<00:48>-<00:64>: The woman is shown riding the bike again.
<00:64>-<00:80>: The woman is seen speaking to the camera once more.
<00:80>-<01:00>: The woman is shown riding the bike for the third time.
<01:00>-<01:16>: The woman is seen speaking to the camera once more.
<01:16>-<01:32>: The woman is shown riding the bike for the fourth time.
<01:32>-<01:48>: The woman is seen speaking to the camera once more.
<01:48>-<01:64>: The woman is shown riding the bike for the fifth time.
<01:64>-<01:80>: The woman is seen speaking to the camera once more.
<01:80>-<02:00>: The woman is shown riding the bike for the sixth time.
<02:00>-<02:16>: The woman is seen speaking to the camera once more.
<02:16>-<02:32>: The woman is shown riding the bike for the seventh time.
<02:32>-<02:48>: The woman is seen speaking to the camera once more.
<02:48>-<03:00>: The woman is shown riding the bike for the eighth time.
<03:00>-<03:16>: The woman is seen speaking to the camera once more.
<03:16>-<03:32>: The woman is shown riding the bike for the ninth time.
<03:32>-<03:48>: The woman is seen speaking to the camera once more.
<03:48>-<03:64>: The woman is shown riding the bike for the tenth time.
<03:64>-<03:80>: The woman is seen speaking to the camera once more.
<03:80>-<04:00>: The woman is shown riding the bike for the eleventh time.
<04:00>-<04:16>: The woman is seen speaking to the camera once more.
<04:16>-<04:32>: The woman is shown riding the bike for the twelfth time.
<04:32>-<04:48>: The woman is seen speaking to the camera once more.
<04:48>-<05:00>: The woman is shown riding the bike for the thirteenth time.
<05:00>-<05:16>: The woman is seen speaking to the camera once more.
<05:16>-<05:32>: The woman is shown riding the bike for the fourteenth time.
<05:32>-<05:48>: The woman is seen speaking to the camera once more.
<05:48>-<06:00>: The woman is shown riding the bike for the fifteenth time.
<06:00>-<06:16>: The woman is seen speaking to the camera once more.
<06:16>-<06:32>: The woman is shown riding the bike for the sixteenth time.
<06:32>-<06:48>: The woman is seen speaking to the camera once more.
<06:48>-<07:00>: The woman is shown riding the bike for the seventeenth time.
<07:00>-<07:16>: The woman is seen speaking to the camera once more.
"<07:16>-<07:32>: The woman is shown riding the bi"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in various locations, including a bike shop, a street, and a woman's bedroom. The bike shop scene features a man and a woman discussing the bike, while the street scene shows a man riding a bike and a woman speaking to the camera. The woman's bedroom scene is where she is seen speaking to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,eQu1rNs0an0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""Certainly! The video takes place in various locations, including a bike shop, a city street, and a woman's bedroom. The events unfold as follows:"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<01:00>: A man in a red hat is seen talking to the camera."
<01:00>-<03:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and a dragon float is seen in the background.
<03:00>-<04:00>: The dragon float is shown in the background as the man continues to walk down the street.
<04:00>-<06:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<06:00>-<08:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<08:00>-<10:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<10:00>-<12:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<12:00>-<14:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<14:00>-<16:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<16:00>-<18:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<18:00>-<20:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<20:00>-<22:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<22:00>-<24:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<24:00>-<26:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<26:00>-<28:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<28:00>-<30:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<30:00>-<32:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<32:00>-<34:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<34:00>-<36:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<36:00>-<38:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<38:00>-<40:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<40:00>-<42:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<42:00>-<44:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<44:00>-<46:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<46:00>-<48:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<48:00>-<50:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<50:00>-<52:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
<52:00>-<54:00>: The man is shown walking down the street, and the dragon float is seen in the background.
"<54:00>-<56:00>: The man is shown walking down the street,"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a city, where a man is seen talking to the camera. Later, a parade of people dressed in dragon costumes can be seen walking down the street. The parade continues, and the dragon costumes are seen from different angles."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,fWutDQy1nnY.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in various locations, including a city street, a parade, and a park. The events include a man in a red hat walking down a city street, a parade with lion dancers, and a group of people walking in a park."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,2,['park']"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<02:00>: A man is seen standing outside a car, talking."
<02:00>-<04:00>: The man demonstrates how to remove the hubcap from the car.
<04:00>-<06:00>: The man shows how to remove the hubcap from the car.
<06:00>-<08:00>: The man removes the hubcap from the car.
<08:00>-<10:00>: The man demonstrates how to put the hubcap back on the car.
<10:00>-<12:00>: The man puts the hubcap back on the car.
<12:00>-<14:00>: The man talks about the importance of hubcaps.
<14:00>-<16:00>: The man shows how to put the hubcap back on the car.
<16:00>-<18:00>: The man puts the hubcap back on the car.
<18:00>-<20:00>: The man talks about the importance of hubcaps.
<20:00>-<22:00>: The man shows how to put the hubcap back on the car.
<22:00>-<24:00>: The man puts the hubcap back on the car.
<24:00>-<26:00>: The man talks about the importance of hubcaps.
<26:00>-<28:00>: The man shows how to put the hubcap back on the car.
<28:00>-<30:00>: The man puts the hubcap back on the car.
<30:00>-<32:00>: The man talks about the importance of hubcaps.
<32:00>-<34:00>: The man shows how to put the hubcap back on the car.
<34:00>-<36:00>: The man puts the hubcap back on the car.
<36:00>-<38:00>: The man talks about the importance of hubcaps.
<38:00>-<40:00>: The man shows how to put the hubcap back on the car.
<40:00>-<42:00>: The man puts the hubcap back on the car.
<42:00>-<44:00>: The man talks about the importance of hubcaps.
<44:00>-<46:00>: The man shows how to put the hubcap back on the car.
<46:00>-<48:00>: The man puts the hubcap back on the car.
<48:00>-<50:00>: The man talks about the importance of hubcaps.
<50:00>-<52:00>: The man shows how to put the hubcap back on the car.
<52:00>-<54:00>: The man puts the hubcap back on the car.
<54:00>-<56:00>: The man talks about the importance of hubcaps.
<56:00>-<58:00>: The man shows how to put the hubcap back on the car.
<58:00>-<60:00>: The man puts the hubcap back on the car.
<60:00>-<62:00>: The man talks about the importance of hubcaps.
<62:00>-<64:00>: The man shows how to put the hubcap back on the car.
<64:00>-<66:00>: The man puts the hubcap back on the car.
<66:00>-<68:00>: The man talks about the importance of hubcaps.
<68:00>-<70:00>: The man shows how to put the hubcap back on the car.
<70:00>-<72:00>: The man puts the hubcap back on the car.
"<72:"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a parking lot, where a man is seen talking to the camera. He then proceeds to demonstrate the process of changing a tire on a car. The man is shown using a tire iron to remove the lug nuts, and then he removes the tire from the car. He then puts the new tire on the car and tightens the lug nuts."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,gzDbaEs1Rlg.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in various locations, including a parking lot, a garage, and a street. The main events involve a man demonstrating how to change a tire, a man in a car driving, and a man in a car talking to the camera."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<01:00>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a house."
<01:00>-<03:00>: A white van is seen driving by the house.
<03:00>-<04:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a white van driving by.
<04:00>-<06:00>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a white van driving by.
<06:00>-<08:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a white van driving by.
<08:00>-<09:00>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a white van driving by.
<09:00>-<11:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a white van driving by.
<11:00>-<13:00>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a white van driving by.
<13:00>-<15:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a white van driving by.
<15:00>-<17:00>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a white van driving by.
<17:00>-<19:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a white van driving by.
<19:00>-<21:00>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a white van driving by.
<21:00>-<23:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a white van driving by.
<23:00>-<25:00>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a white van driving by.
<25:00>-<27:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a white van driving by.
<27:00>-<29:00>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a white van driving by.
<29:00>-<31:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a white van driving by.
<31:00>-<33:00>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a white van driving by.
<33:00>-<35:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a white van driving by.
<35:00>-<37:00>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a white van driving by.
<37:00>-<39:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a white van driving by.
<39:00>-<41:00>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a white van driving by.
<41:00>-<43:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a white van driving by.
<43:00>-<45:00>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a white van driving by.
<45:00>-<47:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a white van driving by.
<47:00>-<49:00>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a white van driving by.
<49:00>-<51:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a white van driving by.
<51:00>-<53:00>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a white van driving by.
<53:00>-<55:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a white van driving by.
<55:00>-<57:00>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a white van driving by.
<57:00>-<59:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a white van driving by.
<59:00>-<61:00>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a white van driving by.
"<61:00>-<63:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a residential area, where a man is seen standing outside his home. The camera then pans to the left, revealing a white van parked on the road. The van is subsequently shown driving away from the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,HT5vyqe0Xaw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""Certainly! The video takes place in a residential backyard, where a man is seen standing in front of a house. The camera then moves to the front of a truck, and we see the driver's face for the first time. The video then shows the truck driving down the road, passing by a tree."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:16>: A woman is seen talking to the camera."
<00:16>-<00:32>: The scene transitions to a man riding a bike.
<00:32>-<00:48>: The man is shown adjusting the bike's gears.
<00:48>-<00:64>: The man is seen riding the bike and performing tricks.
<00:64>-<00:80>: The man continues to ride the bike and perform tricks.
<00:80>-<01:00>: The man is shown adjusting the bike's gears again.
<01:00>-<01:16>: The man is seen riding the bike and performing tricks.
<01:16>-<01:32>: The man is shown adjusting the bike's gears once more.
<01:32>-<01:48>: The man is seen riding the bike and performing tricks.
<01:48>-<01:64>: The man continues to ride the bike and perform tricks.
<01:64>-<01:80>: The man is shown adjusting the bike's gears for the final time.
"<01:80>-<02:00>: The man is seen riding the bike and performing tricks."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a garage, where a woman is seen speaking to the camera. The scene then transitions to a man riding a bike, followed by a group of men in a room. The men are seen riding bikes and performing tricks, while the woman continues to speak to the camera. The video concludes with the men riding bikes in the garage and the woman speaking to the camera once more."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,iVt07TCkFM0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in various locations, including a garage, a skate park, and a room with a woman. The main events involve a woman speaking to the camera, a man riding a bike, and a man performing tricks on a skateboard."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['park']"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:16>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a man and a woman in a car."
<00:16>-<00:32>: The man exits the car and kneels down to open the trunk.
<00:32>-<00:48>: The man removes a tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<00:48>-<00:64>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<00:64>-<00:80>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<00:80>-<01:00>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<01:00>-<01:16>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<01:16>-<01:32>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<01:32>-<01:48>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<01:48>-<01:64>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<01:64>-<01:80>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<01:80>-<02:00>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<02:00>-<02:16>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<02:16>-<02:32>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<02:32>-<02:48>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<02:48>-<02:64>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<02:64>-<02:80>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<02:80>-<03:00>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<03:00>-<03:16>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<03:16>-<03:32>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<03:32>-<03:48>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<03:48>-<03:64>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<03:64>-<03:80>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<03:80>-<04:00>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<04:00>-<04:16>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<04:16>-<04:32>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<04:32>-<04:48>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<04:48>-<04:64>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<04:64>-<04:80>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
<04:80>-<05:00>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground.
"<05:00>-<05:16>: The man removes the tire from the trunk and places it on the ground."",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a parking lot, where a man is seen talking to the camera while holding a bag. He then proceeds to change a tire on a car, and later, he is seen eating at a restaurant."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,J0nA4VgnoCo.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a car, with the first event occurring from 00 to 17: a man and a woman are seen driving in the car. The second event occurs from 17 to 34: the man is seen putting a tire on the car. The third event takes place from 34 to 51: the man is seen putting the tire back into the trunk. The fourth event occurs from 51 to 68: the man is seen putting the tire jack away. The fifth event takes place from 68 to 99: the man is seen sitting at a table with the woman."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<02:00>: The video begins with a man and a dog sitting on a table."
<02:00>-<04:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<04:00>-<06:00>: The man continues to talk to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<06:00>-<08:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<08:00>-<10:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<10:00>-<12:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<12:00>-<14:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<14:00>-<16:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<16:00>-<18:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<18:00>-<20:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<20:00>-<22:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<22:00>-<24:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<24:00>-<26:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<26:00>-<28:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<28:00>-<30:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<30:00>-<32:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<32:00>-<34:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<34:00>-<36:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<36:00>-<38:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<38:00>-<40:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<40:00>-<42:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<42:00>-<44:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<44:00>-<46:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<46:00>-<48:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<48:00>-<50:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<50:00>-<52:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<52:00>-<54:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<54:00>-<56:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<56:00>-<58:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<58:00>-<60:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<60:00>-<62:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<62:00>-<64:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
<64:00>-<66:00>: The man talks to the camera while the dog is shown eating.
"<"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a newsroom, where a man is seen sitting behind a desk. The dog is shown in various locations, including on a table, on the floor, and on a couch. The man is also seen holding the dog on his lap."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,jcoYJXDG9sw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a newsroom setting, with a man and a dog as the main characters. The man is seen sitting behind a desk, while the dog is lying on the floor. The video also features a woman who is interviewed by the man. The events unfold as follows:"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:16>: The video begins with a man and a woman standing in front of a bike."
<00:16>-<00:32>: The man is seen riding the bike, and the woman is shown holding a tire.
<00:32>-<00:48>: The man is shown putting the tire on the bike.
<00:48>-<00:64>: The man is seen riding the bike again, and the woman is shown holding the tire.
<00:64>-<01:00>: The man is shown putting the tire on the bike again.
<01:00>-<01:16>: The man is seen riding the bike, and the woman is shown holding the tire.
<01:16>-<01:32>: The man is shown putting the tire on the bike.
<01:32>-<01:48>: The man is seen riding the bike again, and the woman is shown holding the tire.
<01:48>-<01:64>: The man is shown putting the tire on the bike again.
<01:64>-<02:00>: The man is seen riding the bike, and the woman is shown holding the tire.
<02:00>-<02:16>: The man is shown putting the tire on the bike.
<02:16>-<02:32>: The man is seen riding the bike, and the woman is shown holding the tire.
<02:32>-<02:48>: The man is shown putting the tire on the bike.
<02:48>-<03:00>: The man is seen riding the bike, and the woman is shown holding the tire.
<03:00>-<03:16>: The man is shown putting the tire on the bike.
<03:16>-<03:32>: The man is seen riding the bike, and the woman is shown holding the tire.
<03:32>-<03:48>: The man is shown putting the tire on the bike.
<03:48>-<04:00>: The man is seen riding the bike, and the woman is shown holding the tire.
<04:00>-<04:16>: The man is shown putting the tire on the bike.
<04:16>-<04:32>: The man is seen riding the bike, and the woman is shown holding the tire.
<04:32>-<04:48>: The man is shown putting the tire on the bike.
<04:48>-<05:00>: The man is seen riding the bike, and the woman is shown holding the tire.
<05:00>-<05:16>: The man is shown putting the tire on the bike.
<05:16>-<05:32>: The man is seen riding the bike, and the woman is shown holding the tire.
<05:32>-<05:48>: The man is shown putting the tire on the bike.
<05:48>-<06:00>: The man is seen riding the bike, and the woman is shown holding the tire.
<06:00>-<06:16>: The man is shown putting the tire on the bike.
<06:16>-<06:32>: The man is seen riding the bike, and the woman is shown holding the tire.
<06:32>-<06:48>: The man is shown putting the tire on the bike.
<06:48>-<07:00>: The man is seen riding the bike, and the woman is shown holding the tire.
<07:00>-<07:16>: The man is shown putting the tire on the bike.
"<07:16>-<07:"",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in various locations, including a bike shop, a street, and a room. The events include a man and a woman standing in a bike shop, a man riding a bike on the street, and a man and a woman sitting in a room."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,JgHubY5Vw3Y.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in various locations, including a bike shop, a street, and a room. The main events involve a man and a woman discussing bicycles, a man riding a bike, and a man and a woman demonstrating the features of a bike."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:16>: The video begins with a close-up shot of a sandwich."
<00:16>-<00:32>: The camera zooms out to reveal the entire sandwich.
<00:32>-<00:48>: The man takes a bite of the sandwich.
<00:48>-<00:64>: The man continues to eat the sandwich.
<00:64>-<01:00>: The man takes another bite of the sandwich.
<01:00>-<01:16>: The man takes a drink of water.
<01:16>-<01:32>: The man takes another bite of the sandwich.
<01:32>-<01:48>: The man takes a drink of water.
<01:48>-<01:64>: The man takes another bite of the sandwich.
<01:64>-<02:00>: The man takes a drink of water.
<02:00>-<02:16>: The man takes another bite of the sandwich.
<02:16>-<02:32>: The man takes a drink of water.
<02:32>-<02:48>: The man takes another bite of the sandwich.
<02:48>-<03:00>: The man takes a drink of water.
<03:00>-<03:16>: The man takes another bite of the sandwich.
<03:16>-<03:32>: The man takes a drink of water.
<03:32>-<03:48>: The man takes another bite of the sandwich.
<03:48>-<04:00>: The man takes a drink of water.
<04:00>-<04:16>: The man takes another bite of the sandwich.
<04:16>-<04:32>: The man takes a drink of water.
<04:32>-<04:48>: The man takes another bite of the sandwich.
<04:48>-<05:00>: The man takes a drink of water.
<05:00>-<05:16>: The man takes another bite of the sandwich.
<05:16>-<05:32>: The man takes a drink of water.
<05:32>-<05:48>: The man takes another bite of the sandwich.
<05:48>-<06:00>: The man takes a drink of water.
<06:00>-<06:16>: The man takes another bite of the sandwich.
<06:16>-<06:32>: The man takes a drink of water.
<06:32>-<06:48>: The man takes another bite of the sandwich.
<06:48>-<07:00>: The man takes a drink of water.
<07:00>-<07:16>: The man takes another bite of the sandwich.
<07:16>-<07:32>: The man takes a drink of water.
<07:32>-<07:48>: The man takes another bite of the sandwich.
<07:48>-<08:00>: The man takes a drink of water.
<08:00>-<08:16>: The man takes another bite of the sandwich.
<08:16>-<08:32>: The man takes a drink of water.
<08:32>-<08:48>: The man takes another bite of the sandwich.
<08:48>-<09:00>: The man takes a drink of water.
<09:00>-<09:16>: The man takes another bite of the sandwich.
"<09:16>-<09:32>: The man takes a"",0,0,1,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a restaurant, where a man is seen preparing a sandwich. He adds various ingredients to the bread and then proceeds to cook the sandwich in a pan. The man then cuts the sandwich in half and serves it to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,LRw_obCPUt0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a restaurant, with the main events occurring from 00 to 17: The man is seen holding a sandwich in front of a window. From 17 to 34: The man is shown preparing the sandwich by adding various ingredients and placing it on a plate. From 34 to 51: The man is seen cutting the sandwich in half and placing it on a plate. From 51 to 68: The man is shown pouring sauce on the sandwich and placing it on a plate. From 68 to 99: The man is seen taking a bite of the sandwich and enjoying it."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:16>: The video begins with a title screen."
<00:16>-<00:32>: The camera zooms in on a tree.
<00:32>-<00:48>: The camera zooms in on a beehive.
<00:48>-<00:64>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<00:64>-<01:12>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<01:12>-<01:36>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<01:36>-<01:52>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<01:52>-<02:08>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<02:08>-<02:32>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<02:32>-<02:48>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<02:48>-<03:04>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<03:04>-<03:20>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<03:20>-<03:36>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<03:36>-<03:52>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<03:52>-<04:08>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<04:08>-<04:32>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<04:32>-<04:48>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<04:48>-<05:04>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<05:04>-<05:20>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<05:20>-<05:36>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<05:36>-<05:52>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<05:52>-<06:08>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<06:08>-<06:32>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<06:32>-<06:48>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<06:48>-<07:04>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<07:04>-<07:20>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<07:20>-<07:36>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<07:36>-<07:52>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<07:52>-<08:08>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<08:08>-<08:32>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<08:32>-<08:48>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<08:48>-<09:04>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<09:04>-<09:20>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<09:20>-<09:36>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<09:36>-<09:52>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<09:52>-<10:08>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<10:08>-<10:32>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<10:32>-<10:48>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
<10:48>-<11:04>: The camera zooms in on a bee.
"<11:04>-<11:"",0,0,1,1,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a forest, where we see a honeycomb with bees. We also see a tree with a hanging honeycomb, and a person is shown cutting the honeycomb."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,oDXZc0tZe04.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video primarily takes place in a backyard, showcasing a honeycomb and a tree with a hanging nest. The camera zooms in on the honeycomb from 00 to 17, and then focuses on the tree with the nest from 17 to 34. The camera then zooms in on the honeycomb again from 34 to 51."",1,1,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""Certainly! The video features a woman in a newsroom, followed by a scene of a pig in a cage. The woman then appears in a different setting, where she is seen talking to the camera. The video then transitions to a man in a field, who is interviewed by the woman. The man is shown holding a camera and interacting with the pigs. The video concludes with the woman in the newsroom, where she continues to talk to the camera."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a house, where a woman is seen talking to the camera. The camera then pans to show a hole in the ceiling, followed by a scene of a pig in a cage. The woman is later seen in a room with the pig, and she is seen talking to the camera again."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,Se3oxnaPsz0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a newsroom, where a woman is reporting on a story. The camera then shows a pig in a cage, followed by a man talking to the camera. The video then transitions to a woman in a newsroom, where she is reporting on a story."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<01:00>: The video begins with a man and a woman standing in the snow."
<01:00>-<03:00>: The man and woman are seen walking in the snow.
<03:00>-<04:00>: The man and woman are shown driving a car.
<04:00>-<06:00>: The car is seen driving on a snowy road.
<06:00>-<08:00>: The car is shown driving on a snowy road, with the camera panning to the inside of the car.
<08:00>-<10:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<10:00>-<12:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<12:00>-<14:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<14:00>-<16:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<16:00>-<18:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<18:00>-<20:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<20:00>-<22:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<22:00>-<24:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<24:00>-<26:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<26:00>-<28:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<28:00>-<30:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<30:00>-<32:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<32:00>-<34:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<34:00>-<36:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<36:00>-<38:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<38:00>-<40:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<40:00>-<42:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<42:00>-<44:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<44:00>-<46:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<46:00>-<48:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<48:00>-<50:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<50:00>-<52:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<52:00>-<54:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<54:00>-<56:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<56:00>-<58:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<58:00>-<60:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
<60:00>-<62:00>: The camera shows the inside of the car, with the man and woman driving.
"<62:00>-<64"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a snowy field, where a group of people are standing together. They are seen walking in the snow, and one of them falls down. Later, a man is seen driving a car in the snow, and the car gets stuck. The people then help the man to push the car out of the snow."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,vdmoEJ5YbrQ.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a snowy field, with the first event occurring from 00 to 17: a man and a woman are seen walking in the snow. The second event occurs from 17 to 34: the man and woman are shown driving a car. The third event takes place from 34 to 51: the car is seen driving on a snowy road. The fourth event occurs from 51 to 68: the car is shown driving on a snowy road, with the camera inside the car. The fifth event occurs from 68 to 85: the camera is inside the car, showing the driver and passengers. The sixth event takes place from 85 to 99: the camera is inside the car, with the driver and passengers looking out the window at the snowy road."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:16>: The video begins with a black screen displaying white text."
<00:16>-<00:32>: The video transitions to a group of people standing in front of a building.
<00:32>-<00:48>: The group of people is seen walking down the street.
<00:48>-<01:00>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<01:00>-<01:16>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<01:16>-<01:32>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<01:32>-<01:48>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<01:48>-<02:00>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<02:00>-<02:16>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<02:16>-<02:32>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<02:32>-<02:48>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<02:48>-<03:00>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<03:00>-<03:16>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<03:16>-<03:32>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<03:32>-<03:48>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<03:48>-<04:00>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<04:00>-<04:16>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<04:16>-<04:32>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<04:32>-<04:48>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<04:48>-<05:00>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<05:00>-<05:16>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<05:16>-<05:32>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<05:32>-<05:48>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
<05:48>-<06:00>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a man in a black shirt and black hat walking in front of them.
"<06:00>-<06:16"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a city square, where a group of people is gathered. The scene shifts to a man in a black shirt, who is seen running past the camera. The camera then pans to the left, revealing a woman in a black shirt and a man in a white shirt."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,VuWGsYPqAX8.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in various locations, including a city square, a park, and a street. The events unfold as follows:"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['park']"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<02:00>: The video begins with the opening title screen."
<02:00>-<04:00>: The man is shown holding a dog and speaking to the camera.
<04:00>-<06:00>: The man is seen holding a bottle of dog shampoo and speaking to the camera.
<06:00>-<08:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<08:00>-<10:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<10:00>-<12:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<12:00>-<14:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<14:00>-<16:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<16:00>-<18:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<18:00>-<20:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<20:00>-<22:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<22:00>-<24:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<24:00>-<26:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<26:00>-<28:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<28:00>-<30:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<30:00>-<32:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<32:00>-<34:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<34:00>-<36:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<36:00>-<38:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<38:00>-<40:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<40:00>-<42:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<42:00>-<44:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<44:00>-<46:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<46:00>-<48:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<48:00>-<50:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<50:00>-<52:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<52:00>-<54:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<54:00>-<56:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<56:00>-<58:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<58:00>-<60:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<60:00>-<62:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<62:00>-<64:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<64:00>-<66:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<66:00>-<68:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
<68:00>-<70:00>: The man is shown holding the dog and speaking to the camera.
"<70:00"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a veterinary clinic, where a man is seen interacting with a dog. The man is seen holding the dog and speaking to the camera, while the dog is being groomed. The man is also seen holding the dog's ear and speaking to the camera. The video ends with the man speaking to the camera and the clinic's logo appearing on the screen."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,TVSum,xxdtq8mxegs.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a veterinary clinic, as evidenced by the presence of a dog and a man dressed in a white coat. The man is seen interacting with the dog, holding it in his arms and speaking to the camera. The video also features a black dog with a bandage on its ear, which is shown in close-up. The man is seen holding a bottle of liquid and speaking to the camera again. The video concludes with the man speaking to the camera once more."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a plane taking off."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The plane is shown flying over a city.
"<33:00>-<49:00>: The plane is seen flying over a field."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place at an airport, where we can observe various events unfolding. From 00 to 17, we see a plane taking off. From 17 to 34, the plane is in the air. From 34 to 51, the plane is flying over the airport. From 51 to 68, the plane is in the air, and we can see the airport in the background. Finally, from 68 to 99, the plane is flying over the airport once again."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Air_Force_One.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,Certainly! The video features three main spatio-temporal contexts:,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<01:00>: The video begins with a man standing on a ledge, looking down."
<01:00>-<03:00>: The man jumps off the ledge and parachutes down.
"<03:00>-<04:00>: The man lands on the ground and walks away."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a mountainous area, with a man in a red jacket and blue helmet standing on a cliff. The camera then pans to show a person in a red jacket and blue helmet parachuting from a plane. The video also features a person in a red jacket and blue helmet walking on a road."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Base_jumping.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video primarily takes place in the mountains, showcasing a scenic view of the landscape. The camera then moves to a plane, where a man is seen parachuting down from the sky. The video concludes with the man walking on the ground."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A bear is seen eating in a tree."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The bear is seen eating in a tree, and then it looks at the camera.
"<33:00>-<49:00>: The bear is seen eating in a tree, and then it looks at the camera."",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a forest, where we see a bear climbing a tree. The bear then moves to a different tree and begins to eat. Later, we see a bear and a cub playing together."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Bearpark_climbing.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video primarily takes place in a forest, with a bear climbing a tree from 00 to 22. The bear then descends from the tree from 17 to 34. The bear is seen climbing back up the tree from 34 to 51. The bear is seen climbing down from the tree again from 51 to 68. The bear is seen climbing back up the tree from 68 to 85. Finally, the bear is seen climbing down from the tree for the last time from 85 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:16>: The video begins with a title screen."
<00:16>-<00:32>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a group of people riding bikes.
<00:32>-<00:48>: The camera zooms in on the bikers, capturing their movements.
<00:48>-<00:64>: The bikers are shown riding around a track, passing each other.
<00:64>-<00:80>: The bikers continue to ride around the track, passing each other.
<00:80>-<00:96>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<00:96>-<01:12>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<01:12>-<01:28>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<01:28>-<01:44>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<01:44>-<01:60>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<01:60>-<01:76>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<01:76>-<01:92>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<01:92>-<02:08>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<02:08>-<02:24>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<02:24>-<02:40>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<02:40>-<02:56>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<02:56>-<03:12>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<03:12>-<03:28>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<03:28>-<03:44>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<03:44>-<03:60>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<03:60>-<03:76>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<03:76>-<03:92>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<03:92>-<04:08>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<04:08>-<04:24>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<04:24>-<04:40>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<04:40>-<04:56>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<04:56>-<05:12>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<05:12>-<05:28>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<05:28>-<05:44>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<05:44>-<05:60>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<05:60>-<05:76>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
<05:76>-<05:92>: The bikers are shown riding around the track, passing each other.
"<05:92"",0,0,1,1,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a skate park, where a group of people are skating around. The skaters are seen riding around the track, performing various tricks and maneuvers. The skate park is well-lit, and the skaters are wearing protective gear. The skate park is surrounded by trees and has a few benches for spectators. The skaters are all wearing different colored shirts, and some of them are wearing helmets. The skate park is surrounded by a fence, and there is a small building in the background. Overall, the video captures the excitement and energy of skateboarding in a well-equipped and safe skate park."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,5,['park']"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Bike_Polo.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a skate park, where a group of people are skating. The first event is the appearance of a skateboarder, which occurs from 00 to 17. The second event is the skateboarder riding around the skate park, which takes place from 17 to 33. The third event is the skateboarder performing a trick, which occurs from 33 to 50. The fourth event is the skateboarder riding around the skate park again, which takes place from 50 to 67. The fifth event is the skateboarder riding around the skate park for the third time, which occurs from 67 to 83. The sixth and final event is the skateboarder riding around the skate park for the fourth time, which takes place from 83 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,5,['park']"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a camera movement, revealing a person's head."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a narrow canyon, where a bus is parked. The bus is shown from 17 to 34, and a person is seen getting out of the bus from 34 to 51. The bus is then shown driving down the canyon from 51 to 68."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Bus_in_Rock_Tunnel.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video primarily takes place in a cave, with the first event occurring from 00 to 17: a car is seen driving through the cave. The second event occurs from 17 to 34: a bus is seen driving through the cave. The third event takes place from 34 to 51: a bus is seen driving through a mountain."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a close-up shot of a car."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The camera zooms out, revealing the car's surroundings.
"<33:00>-<49:00>: The camera pans to the left, showcasing the car's path."",0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a desert, where we see a car driving on a dirt road. The camera captures the car's movement from 22 to 53, and we see the car driving on the dirt road from 53 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,car_over_camera.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video primarily takes place in a desert setting, with a car driving through the sandy terrain. The car's journey is captured from 00 to 17, as it navigates through the desert. The video then transitions to a close-up of the car's front, showcasing its features from 17 to 34. The camera then pans out to reveal the car's surroundings, providing a broader perspective of the desert landscape from 34 to 51."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,Here's the requested timeline:,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place on a train track, where a car is stuck. The man in the video is seen helping to push the car off the track."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Car_railcrossing.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place on a road, with the first event occurring from 00 to 17: a train passes by. The second event involves a car crashing into a tree, which occurs from 17 to 34. The third event involves a man attempting to remove the car from the tree, which takes place from 34 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The chef is seen preparing food in the kitchen."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The chef adds ingredients to a pan and stirs the mixture.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The chef pours the mixture into a bowl and adds more ingredients.
<49:00>-<65:00>: The chef mixes the ingredients together and adds more to the bowl.
<65:00>-<81:00>: The chef pours the mixture into a pan and cooks it.
"<81:00>-<97:00>: The chef pours the cooked mixture into a bowl and mixes it with other ingredients."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a chef is preparing a dish. The chef is seen cutting up vegetables and cooking them in a pan. The chef then adds oil to the pan and cooks the vegetables further. The chef then adds noodles to the pan and cooks them until they are ready. Finally, the chef adds sauce to the dish and serves it on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Cooking.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the chef preparing a dish. The main events include the chef chopping vegetables, cooking the food, and finally presenting it on a plate. The video ends with the chef blowing out the candles on the dish."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<02:00>: The camera pans from the Eiffel Tower to the surrounding area."
<02:00>-<04:00>: The camera zooms in on the Eiffel Tower.
<04:00>-<06:00>: The camera pans from the Eiffel Tower to the surrounding area.
<06:00>-<08:00>: The camera zooms in on the Eiffel Tower.
<08:00>-<10:00>: The camera pans from the Eiffel Tower to the surrounding area.
<10:00>-<12:00>: The camera zooms in on the Eiffel Tower.
<12:00>-<14:00>: The camera pans from the Eiffel Tower to the surrounding area.
<14:00>-<16:00>: The camera zooms in on the Eiffel Tower.
<16:00>-<18:00>: The camera pans from the Eiffel Tower to the surrounding area.
<18:00>-<20:00>: The camera zooms in on the Eiffel Tower.
<20:00>-<22:00>: The camera pans from the Eiffel Tower to the surrounding area.
<22:00>-<24:00>: The camera zooms in on the Eiffel Tower.
<24:00>-<26:00>: The camera pans from the Eiffel Tower to the surrounding area.
<26:00>-<28:00>: The camera zooms in on the Eiffel Tower.
<28:00>-<30:00>: The camera pans from the Eiffel Tower to the surrounding area.
<30:00>-<32:00>: The camera zooms in on the Eiffel Tower.
<32:00>-<34:00>: The camera pans from the Eiffel Tower to the surrounding area.
<34:00>-<36:00>: The camera zooms in on the Eiffel Tower.
<36:00>-<38:00>: The camera pans from the Eiffel Tower to the surrounding area.
<38:00>-<40:00>: The camera zooms in on the Eiffel Tower.
<40:00>-<42:00>: The camera pans from the Eiffel Tower to the surrounding area.
<42:00>-<44:00>: The camera zooms in on the Eiffel Tower.
<44:00>-<46:00>: The camera pans from the Eiffel Tower to the surrounding area.
<46:00>-<48:00>: The camera zooms in on the Eiffel Tower.
<48:00>-<50:00>: The camera pans from the Eiffel Tower to the surrounding area.
<50:00>-<52:00>: The camera zooms in on the Eiffel Tower.
<52:00>-<54:00>: The camera pans from the Eiffel Tower to the surrounding area.
<54:00>-<56:00>: The camera zooms in on the Eiffel Tower.
<56:00>-<58:00>: The camera pans from the Eiffel Tower to the surrounding area.
<58:00>-<60:00>: The camera zooms in on the Eiffel Tower.
<60:00>-<62:00>: The camera pans from the Eiffel Tower to the surrounding area.
<62:00>-<64:00>: The camera zooms in on the Eiffel Tower.
<64:00>-<66:00>: The camera pans from the Eiffel Tower to the surrounding area.
<66:00>-<68:00>: The camera zooms in on the Eiffel Tower.
"<68:00>-<70:00>: The camera pans from the"",0,0,1,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a city, featuring a bridge and a tower. The first event is the tower coming into view from 00 to 17. The second event is the camera panning to the left, revealing a large crowd from 50 to 67. The third event is the camera panning to the right, showcasing a large building from 67 to 83."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Eiffel_Tower.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video primarily takes place in Paris, France, with a focus on the Eiffel Tower. The first event occurs from 00 to 17, where the Eiffel Tower is visible in the background. The second event involves a person in a black shirt walking by. The third event takes place from 17 to 34, where the camera pans to the left, revealing a white building. The fourth event involves a person in a black shirt walking by again. The fifth event occurs from 34 to 51, where the camera pans to the left, revealing a white building. The sixth event takes place from 51 to 68, where the camera pans to the left, showing a white building. The seventh event involves a person in a black shirt walking by for the third time. The eighth event occurs from 68 to 85, where the camera pans to the left, showing a white building. The ninth event takes place from 85 to 99, where the camera pans to the left, revealing a white building."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<02:00>: A man in a yellow vest is seen standing on a boat."
<02:00>-<04:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<04:00>-<06:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<06:00>-<08:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<08:00>-<10:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<10:00>-<12:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<12:00>-<14:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<14:00>-<16:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<16:00>-<18:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<18:00>-<20:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<20:00>-<22:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<22:00>-<24:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<24:00>-<26:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<26:00>-<28:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<28:00>-<30:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<30:00>-<32:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<32:00>-<34:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<34:00>-<36:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<36:00>-<38:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<38:00>-<40:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<40:00>-<42:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<42:00>-<44:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
<44:00>-<46:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat, and a man in a blue jacket is seen standing on the boat.
"<46:00>-<48:00>: The man in the yellow vest is shown standing on the boat"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a construction site, where a group of men are working on a large machine. They are seen pushing the machine around and using it to move dirt. The men are also seen standing on the machine and using it to move dirt around."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Excavators_river_crossing.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in various locations, including a beach, a boat, and a construction site. The main events involve people working together to move heavy equipment, with a focus on the construction site."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A man in yellow is seen running down a hill, holding a yellow tube. He then jumps into a pool of water."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The man in yellow is seen floating in the water, while another man in a blue shirt is seen standing on the side of the pool.
"<33:00>-<49:00>: The man in blue shirt is seen jumping into the water, and the man in yellow is seen floating on his back."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a field, where a man is seen sliding down a yellow slide. The man then gets out of the water and walks towards the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Jumps.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a field, with the first event occurring from 00 to 17: a man in a yellow slicker is seen running through the field. The second event takes place from 17 to 34: a man in a yellow slicker is seen running through the field. The third event occurs from 34 to 51: a man in a yellow slicker is seen running through the field. The fourth event takes place from 51 to 68: a man in a yellow slicker is seen running through the field. The fifth event occurs from 68 to 85: a man in a yellow slicker is seen running through the field. The sixth event takes place from 85 to 99: a man in a yellow slicker is seen running through the field."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,Certainly! The video features three distinct events:,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a yard with a pile of leaves in the center. The children are seen playing in the leaves, with one child throwing a ball to another. The ball hits another child, and the group of children runs away."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Kids_playing_in_leaves.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,Certainly! The video takes place in a yard with a pile of leaves. The first event occurs from 00 to 17: a little girl in a pink shirt is seen running towards the camera. The second event takes place from 17 to 34: a boy in a green shirt is seen running towards the camera. The third event occurs from 34 to 51: a little girl in a pink shirt is seen running towards the camera.,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The camera pans to the left, revealing the interior of a church."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The camera zooms in on the ceiling, showcasing its intricate details.
"<33:00>-<49:00>: The camera pans to the right, offering a view of the surrounding area."",0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a cathedral, where we see a statue of a bird on the top of the building. The camera then pans to the right, revealing a clock tower."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Notre_Dame.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""Certainly! The video primarily takes place in Notre Dame Cathedral, with the camera capturing the exterior and interior of the building. The events unfold as follows:"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A person in a white shirt is seen running."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The camera zooms in on a small brown bug.
"<33:00>-<49:00>: The camera zooms in on a small brown bug."",0,0,0,1,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video takes place in a field with a large rock in the center. The camera pans around the rock and captures the surrounding area.,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Paintball.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a field with a large green plant in the center. The main events involve a person walking towards the camera, a close-up of a bug, and a person walking away from the camera."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a man standing on a rock, and a person in a red shirt is seen walking towards the camera."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The man in the red shirt jumps into the water, and the camera captures the jump from various angles.
<33:00>-<50:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen swimming underwater, and the camera captures his movements.
<50:00>-<67:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen swimming towards the camera, and the camera captures his movements.
"<67:00>-<83:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen swimming towards the camera, and the camera captures his movements."",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a natural setting, featuring a waterfall in the background. The first event, from 00 to 17, shows a person jumping into the water. The second event, from 17 to 34, features a man in a red shirt standing on a rock. The third event, from 34 to 51, shows a man in a red shirt standing in the water. The fourth event, from 51 to 68, features a man in a red shirt standing in the water, with a man in a white shirt standing on a rock in the background. The fifth event, from 68 to 85, shows a man in a red shirt standing in the water, with a man in a white shirt standing on a rock in the background. The sixth event, from 85 to 99, features a man in a red shirt standing in the water, with a man in a white shirt standing on a rock in the background."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,paluma_jump.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a natural setting, with a waterfall in the background. The main events occur from 00 to 17: the camera pans to the waterfall, and from 17 to 34: a person jumps into the water. The camera then focuses on the person in the water from 34 to 51."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A crow is seen eating a ball."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The crow is shown eating a ball, and then it walks away.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The crow is shown eating a ball, and then it walks away.
"<49:00>-<65:00>: The crow is shown eating a ball, and then it walks away."",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a backyard, where a black dog is shown eating a bird. The dog then walks away, and later returns to eat the bird again."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,playing_ball.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""Certainly! The video takes place in a backyard, with the dog initially standing in the grass. The first event occurs from 00 to 17: the dog is seen eating something. The second event takes place from 17 to 34: the dog is shown eating something in the grass. The third event occurs from 34 to 51: the dog is seen eating something in the grass. The fourth event occurs from 51 to 68: the dog is shown eating something in the grass. The fifth event takes place from 68 to 85: the dog is seen eating something in the grass. The sixth event occurs from 85 to 99: the dog is shown eating something in the grass."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A boy is seen running towards a large inflatable water slide."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The boy climbs the stairs and slides down the water slide.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The boy slides down the water slide again.
"<49:00>-<65:00>: The boy slides down the water slide for the third time."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video takes place in a backyard with a blue inflatable water slide. The first event is the boy running towards the water slide and sliding down it. The second event is the boy standing in the grass with his shirt off. The third event is the boy running towards the camera.,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Playing_on_water_slide.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,The video takes place in a backyard with a blue inflatable water slide. The first event occurs from 00 to 17: a boy in a red shirt is seen running towards the water slide. The second event takes place from 17 to 34: the boy climbs up the water slide and slides down. The third event occurs from 34 to 51: the boy is seen sliding down the water slide again. The fourth event takes place from 51 to 68: the boy is shown sliding down the water slide for the third time. The fifth event occurs from 68 to 99: the boy is seen sliding down the water slide for the fourth time.,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a close-up shot of a fish."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The camera zooms out to reveal a larger area, showcasing the fish swimming in its surroundings.
"<33:00>-<49:00>: The camera continues to zoom out, providing a broader view of the fish and its environment."",0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a vast underwater world, showcasing various scenes of marine life. The first event is the appearance of a fish, which is followed by a close-up shot of a fish swimming. The second event features a diver swimming through the water, while the third event showcases a diver swimming under a rock."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Scuba.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video primarily takes place underwater, with the first event occurring from 00 to 17: a diver's head is visible. The second event involves a diver's face being shown from 17 to 34. The third event features a diver's face being shown from 34 to 51. The fourth event showcases a diver's face from 51 to 68. The fifth event displays a diver's face from 68 to 85. The sixth event features a diver's face from 85 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a panoramic view of the ocean."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The camera zooms in on a plane flying in the sky.
"<33:00>-<49:00>: The plane is shown landing on the runway."",0,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place on a beach, where we can see a plane flying in the sky. The plane is visible from 17 to 34. The camera then pans to the right, revealing a large plane on the ground from 34 to 51."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,St_Maarten_Landing.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video primarily takes place on a beach, with the first event occurring from 00 to 17: a plane is seen flying over the beach. The second event involves a plane landing on the beach, which takes place from 17 to 33. The third event showcases a plane taking off from the beach, which occurs from 33 to 50. The fourth event features a plane crashing into a fence, which takes place from 50 to 67."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a man riding a dirt bike, followed by a camera pan to the right, revealing a crowd of people."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The camera zooms in on the man, capturing his facial expressions and body language as he navigates the dirt bike.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The man performs a series of daring stunts, showcasing his skill and agility on the bike.
"<49:00>-<65:00>: The camera captures the man's final jump, followed by a close-up of his face, displaying his triumphant expression."",0,0,1,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place on a winding road with a man driving a car. The man is seen driving the car from 00 to 22, and then he is seen driving the car from 22 to 44. The man is also seen driving the car from 44 to 66, and finally, he is seen driving the car from 66 to 99."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,SumMe,Valparaiso_Downhill.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""Certainly! The video takes place on a road, with the first event occurring from 00 to 17: a man is seen riding a dirt bike on the road. The second event involves a car passing by the dirt bike rider from 17 to 34. The third event showcases the dirt bike rider performing a jump from 34 to 51. The fourth event features the dirt bike rider being passed by a car once again from 51 to 68. Finally, the fifth event depicts the dirt bike rider being passed by a car for the third time from 68 to 85."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,Here's the requested timeline:,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a large field, where a group of people are participating in a race. The first event is the appearance of a man in a white shirt, who is seen running down the field. The second event involves a man in a white shirt running down the field, followed by a man in a black shirt. The third event features a man in a white shirt running down the field, followed by a man in a black shirt. The fourth event involves a man in a white shirt running down the field, followed by a man in a black shirt. The fifth event showcases a man in a white shirt running down the field, followed by a man in a black shirt. The sixth event features a man in a white shirt running down the field, followed by a man in a black shirt. The seventh event involves a man in a white shirt running down the field, followed by a man in a black shirt. The eighth event showcases a man in a white shirt running down the field, followed by a man in a black shirt. The ninth event features a man in a white shirt running down the field, followed by a man in a black shirt. The tenth event involves a man in a white shirt running down the field, followed by a man in a black shirt."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,16iNk1hLJt4_37_40.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a large field, with a track and a line of people running. The events unfold as follows:"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a man sailing a boat in the ocean."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The man is seen sailing the boat, and the camera captures his movements.
"<33:00>-<49:00>: The man is seen sailing the boat, and the camera captures his movements."",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place on a large body of water, where a man is seen sailing a sailboat. He is seen sailing the boat back and forth, and at one point, he is seen sailing the boat backwards. The man is also seen sailing the boat in a straight line, and at one point, he is seen sailing the boat in a circle."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,4lXdVS697DQ_10_25.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place on a large body of water, with the man and the sailboat being the main focus. The man is seen sailing the boat and turning it around, while the camera captures the surrounding water and sky. The video also shows the man sailing the boat in different directions and angles, with the camera following him closely. The video ends with the man sailing the boat away from the camera."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The man is seen standing in front of a chalkboard, pointing to various shapes and lines."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The man continues to draw on the chalkboard, adding more shapes and lines.
<33:00>-<50:00>: The man continues to draw on the chalkboard, adding more shapes and lines.
<50:00>-<67:00>: The man points to the chalkboard, indicating the various shapes and lines he has drawn.
<67:00>-<83:00>: The man continues to draw on the chalkboard, adding more shapes and lines.
"<83:00>-<99:00>: The man points to the chalkboard, indicating the various shapes and lines he has drawn."",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a classroom setting, with a man standing in front of a chalkboard. The events include the man pointing to the chalkboard, the man pointing to the chalkboard again, and the man pointing to the chalkboard for a third time."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,b-d-CxHaKGU_10_30.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a classroom setting, with the teacher standing in front of a chalkboard. The main events involve the teacher pointing to various points on the chalkboard and explaining the concepts."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00-16>: A person is seen holding a piece of paper and a pen."
<16-32>: The person folds the paper in half.
<32-48>: The person folds the paper again, this time in half diagonally.
<48-64>: The person folds the paper in half again, creating a triangular shape.
<64-80>: The person folds the paper in half once more, resulting in a square shape.
"<80-96>: The person folds the paper in half one last time, creating a rectangle."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a room with a table and a chair. The woman is seen sitting on the chair, and the man is standing next to her. The woman is shown holding a piece of paper and a pen, and she is seen writing on the paper. The man is also seen writing on the paper, and the woman is shown holding the paper up to the light."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,bXsKw3TOQXs_30_55.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a room with a table and a chair. The main events involve a person folding a piece of paper and placing it on the table. The person then picks up the paper and folds it again, placing it on the table. Finally, the person folds the paper once more and places it on the table."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The puppet is seen talking on the phone."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The puppet is shown holding a phone and talking.
"<33:00>-<49:00>: The puppet is seen talking on the phone again."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a small room with a television set in the background. The main focus of the video is a puppet show, where a puppet is seen talking to the camera. The puppet then turns to the camera and speaks to the audience."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,H1Bok7Dg7g8_21_26.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a small room with a television and a man in a yellow shirt. The man in the yellow shirt is seen talking on the phone and interacting with a puppet. The puppet is seen on the television screen, and the man in the yellow shirt is seen talking to the puppet. The video also shows a man in a red shirt and a woman in a black shirt."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a woman riding a horse."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The woman is seen riding the horse in a field.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The woman is seen riding the horse in a field, and the horse is seen running.
"<49:00>-<65:00>: The woman is seen riding the horse in a field, and the horse is seen running."",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a field, where a woman is riding a horse. The horse is seen running and jumping over a fence, and the woman is seen riding the horse in a circle."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,Hd-NeIhbYGc_43_48.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a field with a horse, and the main events involve the horse running and the rider controlling it. The first event occurs from 00 to 22, where the horse is seen running in the field. The second event takes place from 22 to 44, where the rider is seen controlling the horse. The third event occurs from 44 to 66, where the horse is seen running again. The fourth event takes place from 66 to 99, where the rider is seen controlling the horse once more."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The man is shown sitting on a bed, playing the guitar."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The man continues playing the guitar, and the camera zooms in on his hands.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The man's hands are shown playing the guitar, and the camera zooms in on his fingers.
"<49:00>-<65:00>: The man's hands are shown playing the guitar, and the camera zooms in on his fingers."",0,0,1,1,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a bedroom, where a man is shown sitting on a bed and playing the guitar. He is wearing a black shirt and is seated on the edge of the bed. The camera zooms in on his hands as he plays the guitar."",0,0,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,ITNh8tWZPOA_5_25.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a bedroom, with the man playing the guitar on a bed. The main events include the man playing the guitar from 00 to 28, the man playing the guitar from 28 to 71, and the man playing the guitar from 71 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a man walking into the frame."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The man is seen walking out of the room.
"<33:00>-<49:00>: The man is shown walking back into the room."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a hotel room, where a man is seen walking around and adjusting the bed. He then proceeds to fold the bed and walk out of the room."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,LF51fban_x4_300_325.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video primarily takes place in a hotel room, with the man entering the room from 00 to 17. The man then proceeds to make the bed from 17 to 34. The camera then pans to the man's feet from 34 to 51. The man then stands up from 51 to 68."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A man is seen in a kitchen, holding a spoon and a can of peanut butter. He proceeds to mix the peanut butter with a spoon and then pours it into a bowl."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The man adds a spoonful of sugar to the peanut butter mixture and stirs it.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The man then adds a spoonful of salt to the mixture and stirs it again.
"<49:00>-<65:00>: The man pours the mixture into a bowl and mixes it with a spoon."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a man is shown preparing a dish. He first adds ingredients to a bowl, then proceeds to mix them together. Next, he pours the mixture into a pan and cooks it on the stove. Finally, he serves the dish on a plate and takes a bite."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,lfGlDg47How_93_98.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""Certainly! The video takes place in a kitchen, with the man preparing a dish. The main events include:"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The dog is seen lying on the floor, with its head on the ground."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The dog rolls over onto its back.
"<33:00>-<49:00>: The dog is seen lying on its back again."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a living room, where a dog is initially lying on the floor. The dog then stands up and walks away. Later, the dog is seen lying on the floor again."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,pGsU4FekJQM_10_18.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a living room, with the dog initially lying on the floor. The dog then stands up and walks away from the camera. Later, the dog is seen lying on the floor again."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The cat is seen looking at the camera."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The cat's head is not visible in the frame.
"<33:00>-<49:00>: The cat's head is visible again."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a room with a cat and a window. The cat is initially seen looking at the window, and then it turns around and walks away. Later, the cat is seen looking at the window again."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,swKrHEeOj9c_4_8.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,The video takes place in a room with a cat and a window. The cat is initially seen looking at the window from 00 to 17. The cat then moves to the window from 17 to 34. The cat's attention is drawn to the window again from 34 to 51.,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The man is seen holding a camera and speaking to the camera."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The man is seen walking down a path with a camera.
<33:00>-<50:00>: The man is seen walking down a path with a camera and speaking to the camera.
"<50:00>-<67:00>: The man is seen walking down a path with a camera and speaking to the camera."",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a field, where a man is seen walking with a camera. He then stops and talks to the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,u9prcUCHlqM_73_80.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a field, with the man walking around and talking to the camera. He then moves to a road and continues speaking. The video concludes with the man walking back to the field."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a group of people standing in a line, holding instruments. They start playing their instruments in unison."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The group continues playing their instruments, with the camera panning around to show the entire ensemble.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The camera zooms in on the group, capturing their facial expressions and the intricate details of their instruments.
<49:00>-<65:00>: The group continues playing their instruments, with the camera capturing their movements and the harmony of their performance.
<65:00>-<81:00>: The camera pans around the group, showcasing their synchronized movements and the beauty of their performance.
"<81:00>-<97:00>: The group continues playing their instruments, with the camera capturing their expressions of joy and satisfaction."",0,0,1,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a field, where a group of people dressed in marching band attire are standing in a line. They begin to play their instruments, creating a lively and rhythmic atmosphere."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,UJKythlXAIY_17_21.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a field, with the band performing in front of a row of trees. The band members are dressed in uniforms and are playing their instruments. The video starts with the band playing in front of the trees and ends with the band playing in front of the trees."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a red car driving on a road."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The red car passes a white car.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The red car drives past a white car.
"<49:00>-<65:00>: The red car passes a white car."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place on a road, where we see a car driving by. The camera then pans to the right, revealing a group of people sitting in a car."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,urXDqw3S34I_12_17.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video primarily takes place on a road, with the first event occurring from 00 to 17: a car passes by. The second event involves a car driving by a red car from 17 to 34. The third event showcases a car driving by a white car from 34 to 51. The fourth event features a car driving by a white car from 51 to 68. Finally, the fifth event depicts a car driving by a white car from 68 to 85."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a person stirring a pot of sauce."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The person adds a spoonful of sauce to a bowl of pasta.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The person adds more sauce to the pasta and mixes it thoroughly.
"<49:00>-<65:00>: The person pours the pasta into a bowl and serves it on a plate."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is shown stirring a pot of sauce. The person then adds more ingredients to the pot and stirs again. The person continues to stir the sauce and eventually pours it into a bowl."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,UXs3eq68ZjE_49_54.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17: The man is seen stirring a pot on the stove. From 17 to 33: He adds a spoonful of tomato sauce to the pot. From 33 to 50: He stirs the pot again, and from 50 to 67: He adds more tomato sauce. Finally, from 67 to 99: He stirs the pot one last time."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""Certainly! The video features a woman who is initially seen talking to the camera. From 16 to 32, she is shown rolling out dough and placing it on a table. From 32 to 48, she is seen cutting the dough into smaller pieces. From 48 to 64, she is shown rolling out more dough and cutting it into smaller pieces. Finally, from 64 to 99, she is seen rolling out more dough and cutting it into smaller pieces."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where an elderly woman is seen speaking to the camera. She then proceeds to roll out dough and place it on a table. The woman then proceeds to cut the dough into smaller pieces and shapes it into balls."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,WAa4-cctmDk_55_70.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""Certainly! The video takes place in a kitchen, with the woman preparing a dough ball. The events unfold as follows:"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A large fish is seen swimming in the water."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The fish is attacked by a shark, which is visible in the water.
<33:00>-<50:00>: The shark continues to attack the fish, and the camera captures the scene.
<50:00>-<67:00>: The shark is shown swimming away from the fish.
"<67:00>-<83:00>: The camera zooms in on the fish, which is now dead."",0,0,1,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in the ocean, where a large fish is swimming. The fish is then seen swimming towards the camera."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,x1i0UOssll8_141_151.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in the ocean, with the first event occurring from 00 to 17: a large fish swims by. The second event involves a shark attacking a fish, which takes place from 17 to 34. The third event showcases a large fish swimming by again, from 34 to 51. The fourth event features a shark attacking a fish for the second time, from 51 to 68. Finally, the fifth event depicts a shark attacking a fish for the third time, from 68 to 85."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a group of boys riding horses."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The boys are seen walking their horses, and the camera pans to show the surrounding area.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The boys are seen walking their horses, and the camera pans to show the surrounding area.
<49:00>-<65:00>: The boys are seen walking their horses, and the camera pans to show the surrounding area.
<65:00>-<81:00>: The boys are seen walking their horses, and the camera pans to show the surrounding area.
"<81:00>-<97:00>: The boys are seen walking their horses, and the camera pans to show the surrounding area."",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a dusty desert, where a group of boys is seen riding horses. They are dressed in cowboy attire and are seen holding onto their horses' reins. The boys are seen walking their horses and then riding them. They are also seen sitting on their horses and walking around. The video captures the boys enjoying their time in the desert, riding horses and exploring the area."
"QA_GT_caption_based_noisy"",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,XNV7hKVu-Xg_40_47.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a desert setting, with the main events occurring from 00 to 17: The boys are seen riding horses in the desert. From 17 to 33: The boys are shown riding horses in the desert, with a man leading them. From 33 to 50: The boys are seen riding horses in the desert, with a man leading them. From 50 to 67: The boys are shown riding horses in the desert, with a man leading them. From 67 to 83: The boys are seen riding horses in the desert, with a man leading them. From 83 to 99: The boys are shown riding horses in the desert, with a man leading them."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The man is seen rolling dough on a table."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The man continues to roll the dough and places it on a rack.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The man rolls the dough and places it on a rack.
"<49:00>-<65:00>: The man rolls the dough and places it on a rack."",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a bakery, where a man is seen rolling dough on a table. He then proceeds to place the dough into a pan and bakes it in an oven."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,yBK02O1Oewc_20_35.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a bakery, with the main events occurring from 00 to 17: The man is seen rolling dough on a table. From 17 to 34: The man continues to roll the dough, and the camera pans around the bakery. From 34 to 51: The man is shown rolling the dough, and the camera pans around the bakery. From 51 to 68: The man is seen rolling the dough, and the camera pans around the bakery. From 68 to 85: The man is shown rolling the dough, and the camera pans around the bakery. From 85 to 99: The man is seen rolling the dough, and the camera pans around the bakery."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A man in a black jacket is seen holding a bag and talking to a woman. He then hands her a bag."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The man in the black jacket is seen holding a bag and talking to a woman. He then hands her a bag.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The man in the black jacket is seen holding a bag and talking to a woman. He then hands her a bag.
<49:00>-<65:00>: The man in the black jacket is seen holding a bag and talking to a woman. He then hands her a bag.
<65:00>-<81:00>: The man in the black jacket is seen holding a bag and talking to a woman. He then hands her a bag.
"<81:00>-<97:00>: The man in the black jacket is seen holding a bag and talking to a woman. He then hands her a bag."",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a city, where a man in a black jacket is seen holding a bag. He then proceeds to purchase a ticket from a machine. The man then enters a building, where he is seen talking to a woman."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,MSVD,_o1UXSxTjfo_68_80.avi,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a city, primarily focusing on a man in a black jacket. The events unfold as follows:"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:16>: The video begins with a man speaking to the camera."
<00:16>-<00:32>: The man is seen holding a lacrosse stick and walking around a field.
<00:32>-<00:48>: The man demonstrates how to hold the lacrosse stick and begins running around the field.
<00:48>-<00:64>: The man continues running around the field, showcasing his skills with the lacrosse stick.
"<00:64>-<00:80>: The man stops and talks to the camera, concluding his demonstration."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a field, where a man is seen speaking to the camera. He then proceeds to demonstrate various lacrosse moves, such as shooting and passing the ball."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=-YreL-4QCLg.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in various locations, including a field, a court, and a grassy area. The main events involve a man speaking to the camera, demonstrating how to hit a ball, and performing the action himself."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A woman is seen smoking a cigarette and blowing smoke."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The woman takes a puff from the cigarette and then exhales smoke.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The woman takes another puff from the cigarette and then exhales smoke.
"<49:00>-<65:00>: The woman takes a final puff from the cigarette and then exhales smoke."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a bedroom, where a woman is seen smoking a cigarette. She then puts the cigarette out and sits on the bed. Later, a man enters the room and sits on the bed as well."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=4p6OjaHHSDs.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a bedroom, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17: a woman smoking a cigarette, 17 and 33: a girl smoking a cigarette, 33 and 50: a girl smoking a cigarette, and 50 and 67: a girl smoking a cigarette."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a group of people standing in a room, engaging in a dance routine."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The group continues dancing, with the camera capturing their movements from various angles.
<33:00>-<50:00>: The dancers perform a synchronized routine, showcasing their coordination and teamwork.
<50:00>-<67:00>: The group continues dancing, with the camera capturing their movements from various angles.
"<67:00>-<83:00>: The dancers perform a final synchronized routine, concluding the dance sequence."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a dance studio, where a group of people is gathered. They are seen dancing and performing various movements, including hip-hop and Zumba. The dancers are wearing colorful clothing and are engaged in a lively and energetic performance."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=5aMigcn2cU8.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a dance studio, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17: The group of people is seen in the dance studio, and they begin to dance. The next event, from 17 to 34, features the group of people dancing in a line. The final event, from 34 to 99, shows the group of people continuing to dance in the same formation."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""Certainly! The video features a man on a horse who is seen running around a dirt arena. He then jumps off the horse and ties it up. The man then proceeds to rope a calf, which he successfully catches. The man then ties the calf up and walks away."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a rodeo arena, where a man on a horse is seen riding around the arena. The man then dismounts his horse and ties up a calf, which is released from a gate. The man then proceeds to rope the calf and tie it up again. The video ends with the man riding off into the distance."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=ArGF2CfOxkY.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""Certainly! The video takes place in a rodeo arena, where a man on a horse is seen riding around the arena. The man then dismounts and ties up a calf, which is released from the gate. The man then proceeds to rope the calf and tie it up again. The video ends with the man walking away."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a group of people walking down the street."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The group of people is seen walking down the street, with a yellow umbrella visible in the background.
"<33:00>-<49:00>: The group of people continues walking down the street, with a yellow umbrella visible in the background."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place on a street, where a group of people are walking. The group is seen walking in a line, and they are all wearing yellow suits."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=bPkk-z5n8MY.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a city, featuring a parade of people dressed in yellow and black. The parade starts from 00 to 17, and the people continue walking down the street from 17 to 34. The parade then moves to a different location, where the people are seen walking in a line from 34 to 51. The parade continues, with the people walking in a line from 51 to 68. Finally, the parade concludes with the people walking in a line from 68 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A man is seen standing in a gym, holding a barbell. He proceeds to lift the barbell over his head and then drops it back down."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The man then lifts the barbell over his head again, and this time, he drops it down to his chest.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The man lifts the barbell over his head for the third time, and this time, he drops it down to his chest. He then proceeds to lift the barbell over his head and drop it down to his chest once more.
"<49:00>-<65:00>: The man lifts the barbell over his head for the fourth time, and this time, he drops it down to his chest. He then lifts the barbell over his head for the fifth time, and finally, drops it down to his chest."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a gym, where a man is seen standing in front of a barbell. He then proceeds to lift the barbell over his head, dropping it back down to the ground."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=DfpUMDpSbS4 .mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a gym, with the man performing various exercises on a bar. The main spatio-temporal contexts are:"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:16>: The video begins with a woman standing in a circle, holding a hula hoop."
<00:16>-<00:32>: The woman starts to spin the hula hoop around her body.
<00:32>-<00:48>: The woman continues to spin the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<00:48>-<00:64>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<00:64>-<00:80>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<00:80>-<01:00>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<01:00>-<01:16>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<01:16>-<01:32>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<01:32>-<01:48>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<01:48>-<01:64>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<01:64>-<01:80>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<01:80>-<02:00>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<02:00>-<02:16>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<02:16>-<02:32>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<02:32>-<02:48>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<02:48>-<02:64>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<02:64>-<02:80>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<02:80>-<03:00>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<03:00>-<03:16>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<03:16>-<03:32>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<03:32>-<03:48>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<03:48>-<03:64>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<03:64>-<03:80>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<03:80>-<04:00>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
<04:00>-<04:16>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner.
"<04:16>-<04:32>: The woman spins the hula hoop around her body, moving her arms and legs in a coordinated manner."",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a playground, where a woman is seen hula hooping. She then moves to a gym floor, where she continues hula hooping. The woman then moves to a living room, where she continues hula hooping."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=dxvKVBrNMDw.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a gymnasium, where a woman is seen hula hooping. She moves around the gym, performing various tricks and maneuvers. The video also shows a group of people playing baseball in the gym, and a woman in a white dress is seen hula hooping in the middle of the gym. The video ends with the woman in the white dress hula hooping in the middle of the gym."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<01:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling a boat."
<01:00>-<03:00>: The man in the red shirt and the man in the black shirt are seen paddling the boat together.
<03:00>-<04:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
<04:00>-<06:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the black shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
<06:00>-<08:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the black shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
<08:00>-<09:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the black shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
<09:00>-<11:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the black shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
<11:00>-<13:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the black shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
<13:00>-<15:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the black shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
<15:00>-<17:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the black shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
<17:00>-<19:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the black shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
<19:00>-<21:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the black shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
<21:00>-<23:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the black shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
<23:00>-<25:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the black shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
<25:00>-<27:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the black shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
<27:00>-<29:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the black shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
<29:00>-<31:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the black shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
<31:00>-<33:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the black shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
<33:00>-<35:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the black shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
<35:00>-<37:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the black shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
<37:00>-<39:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the black shirt is seen paddling the boat alone.
"<39:00>-<41:00>: The man in the red shirt is seen paddling the boat alone, and the man in the black shirt"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place on a lake, where two men are seen paddling a boat. They are later joined by another man, and the three of them continue to paddle together."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=gmFioIDX4X0.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""Certainly! The video takes place on a lake, with the first event occurring from 00 to 17: a man in a red shirt is seen paddling a boat. The second event involves a man in a blue shirt paddling a kayak from 17 to 34. The third event showcases a man in a red shirt paddling a kayak from 34 to 51. The fourth event features a man in a red shirt paddling a kayak from 51 to 68. Lastly, the fifth event depicts a man in a red shirt paddling a kayak from 68 to 85."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""Certainly! The video features a woman who is seen standing in a field, holding a hula hoop. She then proceeds to demonstrate how to properly use the hula hoop by spinning it around her waist. The woman continues to spin the hula hoop around her body, showcasing her skill and control. Finally, she concludes her demonstration by spinning the hula hoop around her body one last time and then dropping it to the ground."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a green field, where a woman is seen standing and holding a hula hoop. She then proceeds to demonstrate how to properly use the hula hoop by spinning it around her body."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=HbF6UM4jUDk.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a green field, with the woman performing various exercises. The main events include:"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A man in a black shirt is seen kneeling down and then standing up."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The man in the black shirt is seen kneeling down again.
"<33:00>-<49:00>: The man in the black shirt is seen kneeling down for the third time."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a wrestling ring, where two men are wrestling. The man in the red shirt is the winner, and he celebrates his victory by jumping up and down."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=hXjxOvlNxQM.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a wrestling ring, with the first event occurring from 00 to 17: a man in a black shirt is seen standing in the ring. The second event involves a man in a white shirt and black trunks entering the ring from 17 to 34. The third event involves a man in a white shirt and black trunks performing a flip from 34 to 51. The fourth event involves a man in a white shirt and black trunks executing a flip from 51 to 68. The fifth event involves a man in a white shirt and black trunks executing a flip from 68 to 85. The sixth event involves a man in a white shirt and black trunks executing a flip from 85 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:16>: The video begins with a man in a blue shirt running towards the camera."
<00:16>-<00:32>: The man in the blue shirt successfully scores a goal.
<00:32>-<00:48>: The man in the blue shirt celebrates his goal by jumping up and down.
<00:48>-<00:64>: The man in the blue shirt continues to celebrate his goal by running around the court.
<00:64>-<01:80>: The man in the blue shirt continues to celebrate his goal by running around the court.
<01:80>-<03:00>: The man in the blue shirt continues to celebrate his goal by running around the court.
<03:00>-<04:16>: The man in the blue shirt continues to celebrate his goal by running around the court.
<04:16>-<05:32>: The man in the blue shirt continues to celebrate his goal by running around the court.
<05:32>-<06:48>: The man in the blue shirt continues to celebrate his goal by running around the court.
<06:48>-<08:00>: The man in the blue shirt continues to celebrate his goal by running around the court.
<08:00>-<09:16>: The man in the blue shirt continues to celebrate his goal by running around the court.
<09:16>-<09:32>: The man in the blue shirt continues to celebrate his goal by running around the court.
<09:32>-<09:48>: The man in the blue shirt continues to celebrate his goal by running around the court.
<09:48>-<09:64>: The man in the blue shirt continues to celebrate his goal by running around the court.
<09:64>-<09:80>: The man in the blue shirt continues to celebrate his goal by running around the court.
"<09:80>-<09:96>: The man in the blue shirt continues to celebrate his goal by running around the court."",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a gymnasium, where a group of people are playing a game of soccer. The players are seen running around the court, kicking the ball, and attempting to score goals. The game is intense, and the players are actively engaged in the activity."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=KujAY-AST9M.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a gym, with the main events occurring on a basketball court. The first event is the appearance of a man in a blue shirt, which takes place from 00 to 17. The second event is the man in the blue shirt running and scoring a goal, which occurs from 17 to 34. The third event is the man in the blue shirt running and scoring a goal again, which takes place from 34 to 51. The fourth event is the man in the blue shirt running and scoring a goal for the third time, which occurs from 51 to 68. The fifth event is the man in the blue shirt running and scoring a goal for the fourth time, which takes place from 68 to 85. Finally, the sixth event is the man in the blue shirt running and scoring a goal for the fifth time, which occurs from 85 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:16>: The video begins with a close-up of a cake."
<00:16>-<00:32>: The video then shows a person mixing ingredients in a bowl.
<00:32>-<00:48>: The person continues to mix the ingredients.
<00:48>-<00:64>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<00:64>-<00:80>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<00:80>-<00:96>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<00:96>-<01:12>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<01:12>-<01:28>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<01:28>-<01:44>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<01:44>-<01:60>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<01:60>-<01:76>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<01:76>-<01:92>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<01:92>-<02:08>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<02:08>-<02:24>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<02:24>-<02:40>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<02:40>-<02:56>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<02:56>-<03:12>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<03:12>-<03:28>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<03:28>-<03:44>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<03:44>-<03:60>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<03:60>-<03:76>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<03:76>-<03:92>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<03:92>-<04:08>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<04:08>-<04:24>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<04:24>-<04:40>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<04:40>-<04:56>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<04:56>-<05:12>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<05:12>-<05:28>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<05:28>-<05:44>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<05:44>-<05:60>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<05:60>-<05:76>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
<05:76>-<05:92>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them.
"<05:92>-<0"",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is seen preparing a cake. The person first adds three different colors of frosting to a bowl, then proceeds to mix the frosting together. Next, the person adds chocolate chips to the mixture and mixes it again. Finally, the person pours the mixture into a cake pan and places it in the oven."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=KzK4sf7RmRM.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring from 00 to 17: The ingredients are laid out on a table, and the person begins mixing them. The person then proceeds to bake the mixture in a pan from 17 to 34. Finally, the person cuts the cake into slices and presents them on a plate from 34 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A man is seen walking down the street with a dog on a leash."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The man and his dog are seen walking down the street, with the dog sniffing around.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The man and his dog are seen walking down the street, with the dog sniffing around.
"<49:00>-<65:00>: The man and his dog are seen walking down the street, with the dog sniffing around."",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a city, where a man is walking down the street with a dog on a leash. The dog is wearing a pink collar and is wagging its tail. The man is wearing a white shirt and black shorts. The camera pans around the area, showing people walking on the sidewalk and cars passing by. The man and dog continue walking down the street, passing by a parked car."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=l866oFamRY4.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a city, primarily on a sidewalk. The first event occurs from 00 to 17: a man in a pink shirt walks by. The second event involves a dog walking by, which takes place from 17 to 34. The third event is a man in a black shirt walking by, which occurs from 34 to 51. The fourth event is a man in a white shirt walking by, which takes place from 51 to 68. The fifth event is a man in a black shirt walking by, which occurs from 68 to 85. Finally, the sixth event is a man in a white shirt walking by, which takes place from 85 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A woman is seen standing in a boxing ring, performing various punches and kicks."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The woman continues to move around the ring, showcasing her agility and skill.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The woman executes a series of punches and kicks, demonstrating her proficiency in boxing.
"<49:00>-<65:00>: The woman concludes her performance by bowing, signifying her respect for the sport and her opponent."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a gym, where a woman is seen dancing. She performs various movements, including jumping and spinning, while the camera captures her from different angles."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=lk2niPrG3y8.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""Certainly! The video takes place in a gym, with the woman performing various exercises. The main spatio-temporal contexts are:"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:16>: The video begins with a man speaking to the camera."
<00:16>-<00:32>: The man rubs his eyes.
<00:32>-<00:48>: The man opens his eyes wide.
<00:48>-<00:64>: The man rubs his eyes again.
<00:64>-<00:80>: The man opens his eyes wide once more.
"<00:80>-<01:00>: The man rubs his eyes for the final time."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,The video takes place in a room with a man sitting in front of a camera. The man is seen rubbing his eyes and looking at the camera. He then proceeds to put in contact lenses.,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=mfENhAPlES8.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a room with a man speaking to the camera. The man then puts on a contact lens and rubs his eyes. The video then shows a close-up of the man's eye, followed by a shot of the contact lens."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:16>: The video begins with a bullfighting scene."
<00:16>-<00:32>: The bullfighting scene transitions to a man speaking to the camera.
<00:32>-<00:48>: The man continues speaking to the camera.
<00:48>-<01:00>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<01:00>-<01:16>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<01:16>-<01:32>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<01:32>-<01:48>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<01:48>-<02:00>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<02:00>-<02:16>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<02:16>-<02:32>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<02:32>-<02:48>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<02:48>-<03:00>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<03:00>-<03:16>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<03:16>-<03:32>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<03:32>-<03:48>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<03:48>-<04:00>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<04:00>-<04:16>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<04:16>-<04:32>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<04:32>-<04:48>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<04:48>-<05:00>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<05:00>-<05:16>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<05:16>-<05:32>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<05:32>-<05:48>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<05:48>-<06:00>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<06:00>-<06:16>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<06:16>-<06:32>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<06:32>-<06:48>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<06:48>-<07:00>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<07:00>-<07:16>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<07:16>-<07:32>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<07:32>-<07:48>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
<07:48>-<08:00>: The man is shown in a room with a bullfighting poster.
"<08:00>-<08"",0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a newsroom, where a man is seen speaking to the camera. The scene then transitions to a bullfighting ring, where a man is seen riding a bull. The video then returns to the newsroom, where the man is seen speaking to the camera once again."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=mGsenLq9yEU.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a newsroom, with a bullfighting event being shown on a television screen. The bullfighting event is shown from 00 to 17, while the newsroom setting is shown from 17 to 33. The video then transitions to a man speaking to the camera in a studio setting, which takes place from 33 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: Two women are seen standing on a table, with one of them holding a barbell. They begin to lift the barbell over their heads and then drop it back down."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The women continue to lift the barbell over their heads and drop it back down. They then switch hands and continue the exercise.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The women continue to lift the barbell over their heads and drop it back down. They then switch hands again and continue the exercise.
<49:00>-<65:00>: The women continue to lift the barbell over their heads and drop it back down. They then switch hands one last time and continue the exercise.
<65:00>-<81:00>: The women continue to lift the barbell over their heads and drop it back down. They then switch hands one last time and continue the exercise.
"<81:00>-<97:00>: The women continue to lift the barbell over their heads and drop it back down. They then switch hands one last time and continue the exercise."",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a wrestling ring, where two women are seen arm wrestling. The referee is present, and the women are competing for the championship title. The video also shows a man in a suit standing next to the ring, watching the match."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=sQZaEt-ssCs.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a wrestling ring, with the main events occurring from 00 to 17: Two women are seen in the ring, and from 17 to 34: The women engage in a wrestling match. The video then shows the women continuing their wrestling match from 34 to 51. Finally, the women shake hands and hug each other from 51 to 99."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<02:00>: The video begins with a close-up shot of a plate of food."
<02:00>-<04:00>: The camera zooms out to reveal the entire plate of food.
<04:00>-<06:00>: The person picks up a fork and begins to mix the ingredients on the plate.
<06:00>-<08:00>: The person adds more ingredients to the plate and mixes them together.
<08:00>-<10:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a bowl and mixes them together.
<10:00>-<12:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a pot and mixes them together.
<12:00>-<14:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a pan and mixes them together.
<14:00>-<16:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a bowl and mixes them together.
<16:00>-<18:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a pot and mixes them together.
<18:00>-<20:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a pan and mixes them together.
<20:00>-<22:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a bowl and mixes them together.
<22:00>-<24:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a pot and mixes them together.
<24:00>-<26:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a pan and mixes them together.
<26:00>-<28:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a bowl and mixes them together.
<28:00>-<30:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a pot and mixes them together.
<30:00>-<32:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a pan and mixes them together.
<32:00>-<34:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a bowl and mixes them together.
<34:00>-<36:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a pot and mixes them together.
<36:00>-<38:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a pan and mixes them together.
<38:00>-<40:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a bowl and mixes them together.
<40:00>-<42:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a pot and mixes them together.
<42:00>-<44:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a pan and mixes them together.
<44:00>-<46:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a bowl and mixes them together.
<46:00>-<48:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a pot and mixes them together.
<48:00>-<50:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a pan and mixes them together.
<50:00>-<52:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a bowl and mixes them together.
<52:00>-<54:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a pot and mixes them together.
<54:00>-<56:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a pan and mixes them together.
<56:00>-<58:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a bowl and mixes them together.
<58:00>-<60:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a pot and mixes them together.
"<60:00>-<62:00>: The person pours the ingredients into a pan and mixes"",0,0,1,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is shown preparing a dish. The person is seen cutting up various ingredients and mixing them together in a bowl. They then proceed to cook the dish in a pot on the stove."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=xPyj6pmYyEk.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring from 00 to 17: The ingredients are laid out on a plate, and the camera zooms in on the plate. From 17 to 34: The person mixes the ingredients together. From 34 to 51: The person pours the mixture into a pot and stirs it. From 51 to 68: The person pours the mixture into a bowl and stirs it. From 68 to 99: The person serves the pasta on a plate."",1,1,0,0,0,1,1,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:20>: The man and woman are seen sitting on a couch, engaging in a conversation."
<00:20>-<00:40>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, brushing her teeth.
<00:40>-<00:60>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<00:60>-<00:80>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<00:80>-<01:00>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<01:00>-<01:20>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<01:20>-<01:40>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<01:40>-<01:60>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<01:60>-<01:80>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<01:80>-<02:00>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<02:00>-<02:20>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<02:20>-<02:40>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<02:40>-<02:60>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<02:60>-<02:80>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<02:80>-<03:00>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<03:00>-<03:20>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<03:20>-<03:40>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<03:40>-<03:60>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<03:60>-<03:80>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<03:80>-<04:00>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<04:00>-<04:20>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<04:20>-<04:40>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<04:40>-<04:60>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<04:60>-<04:80>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<04:80>-<05:00>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<05:00>-<05:20>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<05:20>-<05:40>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<05:40>-<05:60>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<05:60>-<05:80>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<05:80>-<06:00>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<06:00>-<06:20>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<06:20>-<06:40>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
<06:40>-<06:60>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs.
"<06:60>-<06:80>: The woman is shown in a bathroom, shaving her legs."",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place on a beach, where a man and a woman are sitting on a bench and talking. The woman is seen in a white bra and panties, brushing her teeth, and then shaving her legs. The man is also seen shaving his legs and then brushing his teeth. The video ends with the man and woman walking on the beach."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=yBjsQN4fzVY.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a living room, a beach, and a bathroom. The events unfold as follows:"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<00:16>: The video begins with a close-up of a floor."
<00:16>-<00:32>: The camera zooms out to reveal the entire floor.
<00:32>-<00:48>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a wooden floor.
<00:48>-<00:64>: The camera pans to the right, showing a wooden floor.
<00:64>-<00:80>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a wooden floor.
<00:80>-<01:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a wooden floor.
<01:00>-<01:16>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a wooden floor.
<01:16>-<01:32>: The camera pans to the right, showing a wooden floor.
<01:32>-<01:48>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a wooden floor.
<01:48>-<01:64>: The camera pans to the right, showing a wooden floor.
<01:64>-<01:80>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a wooden floor.
<01:80>-<02:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a wooden floor.
<02:00>-<02:16>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a wooden floor.
<02:16>-<02:32>: The camera pans to the right, showing a wooden floor.
<02:32>-<02:48>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a wooden floor.
<02:48>-<03:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a wooden floor.
<03:00>-<03:16>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a wooden floor.
<03:16>-<03:32>: The camera pans to the right, showing a wooden floor.
<03:32>-<03:48>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a wooden floor.
<03:48>-<03:64>: The camera pans to the right, showing a wooden floor.
<03:64>-<03:80>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a wooden floor.
<03:80>-<04:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a wooden floor.
<04:00>-<04:16>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a wooden floor.
<04:16>-<04:32>: The camera pans to the right, showing a wooden floor.
<04:32>-<04:48>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a wooden floor.
<04:48>-<05:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a wooden floor.
<05:00>-<05:16>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a wooden floor.
<05:16>-<05:32>: The camera pans to the right, showing a wooden floor.
<05:32>-<05:48>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a wooden floor.
<05:48>-<06:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a wooden floor.
<06:00>-<06:16>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a wooden floor.
<06:16>-<06:32>: The camera pans to the right, showing a wooden floor.
<06:32>-<06:48>: The camera pans to the left, revealing a wooden floor.
<06:48>-<07:00>: The camera pans to the right, showing a wooden floor.
"<07:00>-<07:16>: The camera pans to the left, reve"",0,0,1,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a room with a wooden floor. The camera pans around the room, showing the wooden floor and a wooden table with a tool on it. The camera then moves to the floor, where a person is using a tool to cut the floor. The person then measures the floor and cuts it with the tool. The camera then shows the floor again, and the person continues to cut it."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,ActivityNet,v=ZQs0S7WwYiM.mp4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a room with a wooden floor. The main events involve the installation of wooden tiles, which are measured and cut to fit the floor. The installation process is shown from 00 to 17, and the finished floor is revealed from 17 to 34. The video concludes with a blue screen displaying the website address."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A man is seen in a kitchen, holding a knife and cutting a pepper."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The man continues cutting the pepper and then proceeds to cut a tomato.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The man cuts the tomato into small pieces and then proceeds to cut a potato.
<49:00>-<65:00>: The man cuts the potato into small pieces and then proceeds to cut a carrot.
<65:00>-<81:00>: The man cuts the carrot into small pieces and then proceeds to cut a piece of meat.
"<81:00>-<97:00>: The man cuts the meat into small pieces and then proceeds to cut a piece of bread."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a man is seen cutting up a pepper on a cutting board. He then proceeds to cut up a potato and place it in a pot on the stove. The man then adds a spoonful of oil to the pot and mixes it with the potato. He then adds a spoonful of tomato paste and mixes it with the potato. Finally, he adds a spoonful of water and mixes it with the potato."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_101.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17: The man is seen opening a bag of carrots and peeling them. From 17 to 33: He proceeds to cut the peeled carrots into small pieces. From 33 to 50: The man then proceeds to cut the carrots into smaller pieces. From 50 to 67: He mixes the carrots with other ingredients and places them in a bowl. From 67 to 99: The man is shown washing a knife and placing it in a dishwasher."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a close-up shot of a kitchen, followed by a person placing a plate on a table."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The person is shown opening a box of cereal and pouring it into a bowl.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The person adds milk to the bowl and mixes it with the cereal.
"<49:00>-<65:00>: The person then adds a napkin to the bowl and places it on the table."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where we see a person opening a refrigerator and placing a box of cereal on the counter. The person then proceeds to pour milk into a white bowl and mixes in the cereal. The person then adds a napkin to the bowl and places it on the counter."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_107.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17, 17 and 34, 34 and 51, and 51 and 68."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<16:00>: A man is seen sitting at a table, with a bag of food in front of him. He proceeds to open the bag and mix the contents together."
<16:00>-<32:00>: The man pours the contents of the bag into a sink and begins to wash his hands.
<32:00>-<48:00>: The man continues to wash his hands, ensuring that they are thoroughly clean.
"<48:00>-<64:00>: The man dries his hands and walks away from the sink, indicating that the cleaning process is complete."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a man is seen sitting at a table and placing a napkin on it. He then proceeds to wash his hands in the sink, followed by drying them on a towel. Next, he picks up a bottle of wine and pours it into a glass, which he then proceeds to drink."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_13.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17, 17 and 34, 34 and 51, and 51 and 99."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A person is seen washing dishes in a kitchen sink."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The person continues washing dishes, adding soap and scrubbing them with a sponge.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The person rinses the dishes and places them in a rack to dry.
<49:00>-<65:00>: The person dries the dishes with a towel and places them on a table.
"<65:00>-<81:00>: The person cleans the sink and puts the dishes away."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a man is seen washing dishes. He first adds detergent to a sink filled with dirty dishes and then proceeds to wash them. Afterward, he dries the dishes and places them on a rack."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P01_P01_19.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring from 00 to 17: The man is seen washing dishes in the sink. From 17 to 71: He continues washing the dishes, adding soap and scrubbing them clean. From 71 to 99: The man dries the dishes and places them on a rack."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<02:00>: The video begins with a close-up shot of a coffee maker."
<02:00>-<04:00>: A person is seen pouring ingredients into a bowl.
<04:00>-<06:00>: The person mixes the ingredients together.
<06:00>-<08:00>: The person places the mixture into a sandwich.
<08:00>-<10:00>: The person cuts the sandwich in half.
<10:00>-<12:00>: The person places the sandwich on a plate.
<12:00>-<14:00>: The person washes their hands.
<14:00>-<16:00>: The person cleans the counter.
"<16:00>-<18:00>: The person puts the coffee maker away."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where we see a person using a coffee maker. The person then proceeds to make a sandwich, which is shown on a plate. The person then takes the sandwich and places it on a table."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_101.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17: A person is seen pouring liquid into a cup. The person then proceeds to mix the contents of the cup with a spoon, as seen from 17 to 34. The person then adds food to the cup, as seen from 34 to 51. Finally, the person washes their hands, as seen from 51 to 68."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A person is seen pouring coffee into a cup."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The person adds sugar to the coffee.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The person stirs the coffee.
<49:00>-<65:00>: The person pours cream into the coffee.
"<65:00>-<81:00>: The person adds a lid to the coffee."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where we see a person placing a box of cereal on a counter. The person then proceeds to pour milk into a bowl and mix it with the cereal. Finally, the person adds ice cream to the bowl and eats it."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_107.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring from 00 to 17: The camera pans around the kitchen, revealing various appliances and utensils. From 17 to 33: The person opens the refrigerator and takes out a carton of orange juice. From 33 to 50: The person pours the orange juice into a glass and adds ice. From 50 to 67: The person uses a sponge to clean the kitchen sink. From 67 to 83: The person cleans the kitchen counter with a sponge. From 83 to 99: The person cleans the kitchen counter with a sponge and then puts the sponge in the sink."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,5,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A person is seen cutting up vegetables on a counter."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The person mixes the vegetables with other ingredients and places them in a bowl.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The person adds seasoning to the bowl and mixes it again.
<49:00>-<65:00>: The person pours the mixture into a pan and cooks it.
"<65:00>-<81:00>: The person serves the cooked mixture on a plate."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is seen cutting up vegetables on a cutting board. They then proceed to mix the vegetables with seasoning and cook them in a pan. The person continues to cook the vegetables and eventually serves them on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_109.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17: The person is seen washing their hands in the sink. From 17 to 33: The person prepares a salad by cutting up vegetables and mixing them with meat. From 33 to 50: The person adds various ingredients to a bowl and mixes them together. From 50 to 66: The person adds the salad to a plate and serves it. From 66 to 99: The person cleans the sink and puts the plate away."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a close-up shot of a kitchen, followed by a woman preparing a meal."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The woman is shown stirring the pot with a spoon.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The woman adds a spoonful of seasoning to the pot.
<49:00>-<65:00>: The woman stirs the pot again, and the camera zooms in on the ingredients.
"<65:00>-<81:00>: The woman pours the contents of the pot into a bowl and mixes it with a fork."",0,0,1,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a woman is seen preparing a meal. She is seen standing in front of a stove, stirring a pot of food. She then proceeds to add various ingredients to the pot, including salt and pepper. The woman then takes a spoon and mixes the ingredients together, before placing the pot on the stove to cook."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P02_P02_111.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the woman preparing a meal. The main events include:"",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A person is seen washing dishes in a kitchen sink."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The person continues washing dishes, adding more dishes to the sink.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The person continues washing dishes, adding more dishes to the sink.
<49:00>-<65:00>: The person continues washing dishes, adding more dishes to the sink.
<65:00>-<81:00>: The person continues washing dishes, adding more dishes to the sink.
"<81:00>-<97:00>: The person continues washing dishes, adding more dishes to the sink."",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where we see a person washing dishes. The person is seen washing a plate, a glass, and a bowl in the sink. The person then puts the dishes in the dishwasher."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_09.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17: A person is seen washing dishes in the sink. The person then proceeds to dry the dishes with a towel, which takes place between 17 and 81. Finally, the person places the dishes in the dishwasher, which occurs between 81 and 99."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<02:00>: The video begins with a close-up shot of a refrigerator."
<02:00>-<04:00>: The person opens the refrigerator and takes out a block of butter.
<04:00>-<06:00>: The person places the butter on a plate and begins to cut it into smaller pieces.
<06:00>-<08:00>: The person mixes the butter with a spoon and places it in a bowl.
<08:00>-<10:00>: The person adds a lemon to the bowl and mixes the ingredients together.
<10:00>-<12:00>: The person pours the mixture into a cake pan and places it in the oven.
<12:00>-<14:00>: The person removes the cake from the oven and places it on a plate.
"<14:00>-<16:00>: The person cuts the cake into smaller pieces and serves it."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where we see a person preparing a cake. The person is seen cutting the cake and spreading butter on it. They then add lemon juice and sugar to the cake and mix it together. Finally, the person puts the cake in the oven and turns it on."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_120.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17: The person opens the refrigerator and retrieves an object. From 17 to 33: The person places the object on a counter and proceeds to cut it into smaller pieces. Finally, from 33 to 99: The person mixes the ingredients together and places them in a pan on the stove."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The person adds eggs to the bowl and mixes them in.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The person pours the mixture into a pan and cooks it.
<49:00>-<65:00>: The person removes the pan from the stove and adds butter to the mixture.
<65:00>-<81:00>: The person mixes the butter into the mixture and then puts the pan back on the stove.
"<81:00>-<97:00>: The person takes the pan off the stove and adds more butter to the mixture."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where we see a person preparing a meal. The person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl, and then transferring the mixture into a pan. They then place the pan in the oven and turn it on. After the meal is cooked, the person removes it from the oven and serves it on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_123.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17: The person is seen mixing ingredients in a bowl. From 17 to 33: The person adds eggs to the bowl and mixes them in. From 33 to 50: The person pours the mixture into a pan and cooks it. From 50 to 67: The person removes the pan from the stove and adds butter to the pan. From 67 to 83: The person mixes the butter into the pan and pours the mixture into a bowl. From 83 to 99: The person adds more butter to the pan and mixes it in."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The camera pans around a kitchen, revealing various appliances and utensils."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The person opens the refrigerator and retrieves a container of food.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The person places the food on a plate and sets it on the counter.
"<49:00>-<65:00>: The person opens the oven and retrieves a dish, which they place on the counter."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where we see a person opening a refrigerator and taking out a container of food. The person then proceeds to place the food in the oven and close the oven door."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P03_P03_26.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring from 00 to 17: The camera pans around the kitchen, revealing various appliances and utensils. From 17 to 33: The camera focuses on a white refrigerator, showcasing its contents. From 33 to 50: The camera zooms in on a plate of food, providing a close-up view. From 50 to 67: The camera pans back to the refrigerator, showcasing its contents once again. From 67 to 83: The camera zooms in on a person's hand, emphasizing their actions. From 83 to 99: The camera pans around the kitchen, offering a comprehensive view of the space."",1,1,0,0,0,1,1,1,1,1,3,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a person washing dishes in a kitchen sink."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The person adds ingredients to a bowl and mixes them together.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The person prepares the dough by adding more ingredients and kneading it.
<49:00>-<65:00>: The person rolls out the dough and cuts it into pieces.
<65:00>-<81:00>: The person bakes the dough in the oven and removes it to cool.
"<81:00>-<97:00>: The person adds the dough to a pan and cooks it further."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is seen washing dishes. The person then proceeds to mix ingredients in a bowl, followed by the addition of eggs and the preparation of a dish. The person then proceeds to cook the dish on a stove and finally, the dish is placed on a table."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_01.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17: The person is seen washing dishes in the sink. From 17 to 33: The person adds ingredients to a bowl and mixes them together. From 33 to 50: The person prepares the dough and rolls it out. From 50 to 67: The person cuts the dough into pieces and places them on a pan. From 67 to 99: The person bakes the cookies in the oven."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A person is seen preparing a dish by mixing ingredients on a counter."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The person continues to mix the ingredients and places them on a plate.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The person adds the ingredients to a pan and cooks them.
<49:00>-<65:00>: The person removes the dish from the pan and places it on a plate.
"<65:00>-<81:00>: The person adds sauce to the dish and serves it on a table."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is seen preparing a dish. The person is seen cutting up a piece of bread and placing it in a bowl. They then add butter and other ingredients to the bowl and mix them together. The person then takes the mixture and places it on a plate, where they proceed to cook it in the oven."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_106.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17: The person is seen preparing food in the kitchen. From 17 to 33: The person mixes ingredients in a bowl. From 33 to 50: The person adds the mixture to a pan and cooks it. From 50 to 67: The person adds the cooked food to a plate and serves it. From 67 to 99: The person cleans the pan and puts it away."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,2,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a person preparing a meal."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The person adds various ingredients to a pan, including broccoli, cheese, and seasonings.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The person mixes the ingredients together and places them in a pan.
<49:00>-<65:00>: The person adds the mixture to a plate and serves it.
"<65:00>-<81:00>: The person adds additional ingredients to the plate, including cheese and broccoli."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is preparing a meal. The person is seen cutting up food on a cutting board, and then placing it in a pan on the stove. They also add seasoning to the food and mix it together. The person then takes the food out of the pan and places it on a plate."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_111.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17: The person prepares a dish by adding ingredients to a pan. From 17 to 33: The person adds cheese to the pan and mixes it with the ingredients. From 33 to 50: The person adds vegetables to the pan and mixes them with the cheese and ingredients. From 50 to 67: The person adds noodles to the pan and mixes them with the cheese and vegetables. From 67 to 99: The person adds the noodles to a plate and serves the dish."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A person is seen washing dishes in a kitchen sink."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The person adds ingredients to a pot on the stove and mixes them together.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The person pours the mixture into a bowl and mixes it further.
<49:00>-<65:00>: The person adds more ingredients to the bowl and mixes them together.
<65:00>-<81:00>: The person pours the mixture into a pan and cooks it on the stove.
"<81:00>-<97:00>: The person mixes the cooked mixture in a bowl and serves it on a plate."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where a person is seen preparing a meal. The person is seen opening a drawer, taking out a pot, and placing it on the stove. They then proceed to mix ingredients in a bowl and place them in the pot. The person then adds the pot to the stove and turns it on."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P04_P04_116.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17: The person is seen washing dishes in the sink. From 17 to 33: The person adds detergent to the sink and mixes it with the dishes. From 33 to 50: The person adds cheese to the dish and mixes it with the detergent. From 50 to 67: The person adds the dish to the oven and closes the oven door. From 67 to 99: The person takes the dish out of the oven and places it on a table."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A person is seen opening a bag of chips and placing them on a table."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The person is shown pouring a liquid into a bowl and mixing it with the chips.
"<33:00>-<49:00>: The person is seen pouring the mixture into a bowl and placing it on the table."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where we see a person putting a bag of chips on a table. Later, the person is seen pouring a liquid into a bowl."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_02.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17: A person is seen washing their hands in the kitchen sink. The person then proceeds to dry their hands on a towel and place it on the counter."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,2,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The person is seen pouring coffee into a cup."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The person adds sugar to the cup and stirs the contents.
"<33:00>-<49:00>: The person adds cream to the cup and stirs the contents once more."",0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where we see a person washing a cup and a plate. The person then proceeds to put the cup and plate on a table."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_06.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17: The person is seen washing dishes in the kitchen. From 17 to 34: The person places the dishes on a rack. From 34 to 51: The person puts the dish in the microwave. From 51 to 68: The person takes the dish out of the microwave. From 68 to 85: The person puts the dish on the table. From 85 to 99: The person takes the dish off the table."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,2,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: The video begins with a close-up shot of a kitchen sink, followed by a person placing ingredients on a plate."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The person proceeds to cook the ingredients in a pan, stirring them with a spoon.
<33:00>-<49:00>: The person continues to cook the ingredients, adding more to the pan and stirring them with a spoon.
<49:00>-<65:00>: The person adds more ingredients to the pan and stirs them with a spoon.
<65:00>-<81:00>: The person adds more ingredients to the pan and stirs them with a spoon.
"<81:00>-<97:00>: The person adds more ingredients to the pan and stirs them with a spoon."",0,0,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where we see a person preparing food. The person is seen pouring oil into a pan, adding vegetables, and then cooking the food. The person also adds seasoning to the food and mixes it all together."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_08.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17: The person is seen pouring a bottle of oil into a pan. From 17 to 33: The person adds various ingredients to the pan, including vegetables and meat. From 33 to 50: The person mixes the ingredients together, creating a dish. From 50 to 67: The person adds seasoning to the dish and mixes it again. From 67 to 83: The person serves the dish on a plate and eats it. From 83 to 99: The person cleans the pan and puts it away."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Structured timeline summary,Provide the timeline of salient events or actions occurring in the video. Use the format: <start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""<00:00>-<17:00>: A person is seen washing dishes in a kitchen sink."
<17:00>-<33:00>: The person adds food to a container and mixes it with other ingredients.
<33:00>-<50:00>: The person places the food in a container and puts it in the oven.
"<50:00>-<67:00>: The person removes the food from the oven and places it on a table."",0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Structured spatially contextualized summary,Provide a description of the video grouping together the events occurring in the place/location. Use the format: <place/location>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, where we see a person washing dishes in a sink. The person then proceeds to dry the dishes and place them in a container. The person then takes the container and places it in the oven."",0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,1,['kitchen']"
"VTimeLLM,1,Epic-Kitchens,P05_P05_09.MP4,Structured spatio-temporal contextualized summary,Provide a summary highlighting the main spatio-temporal contexts in the video. Use the format: <place/location>-<start-timestamp>-<end-timestamp>: <event/action>,""The video takes place in a kitchen, with the main events occurring between 00 and 17: The man is seen washing dishes in the sink. From 17 to 33: He dries the dishes and places them in the dishwasher. From 33 to 50: The man retrieves the dishes from the dishwasher and places them on the counter. From 50 to 67: He puts the dishes in a plastic container and places it in the refrigerator. From 67 to 99: The man takes the container out of the refrigerator and puts the lid on it."",1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,['kitchen']"
